Prologue


	Loki lies, one leg bent, on the day bed that sits in the middle of his cell in the dungeons of Asgard. A book is propped up against his bent leg and he stares at the page, rereading the same sentence for the tenth time, unable to focus on the text. His other arm is resting behind his head, only leaving its place to flip the pages. Little prickles begin to run their way down from his elbow, so he sits up, puts his book down and wiggles his fingers. Something is going to happen today, he knows it, he just doesn’t know what or when. So, instead of pacing, or taking part in some other form of useless fidgeting, he had decided to read. 
	Loki looks around at the others whom he shares the dungeon with and continues to massage the pins and needles out of his arm. Some pace, some speak quietly to one another through the golden fields confining them to their cells and others call out to the guards that walk up and down the corridor. But the God of Mischief sits quietly, keeping the fact that he knows something is about to occur a secret.
	One guard who had been pacing between the cells stops in front of Loki’s and watches him.
	“Well?” Loki asks lowly, not looking up from his tingling wrist.
	“I do not need anything,” the guard says.
	Loki meets the guard’s eyes. “Then why have you planted yourself in front of me if you do not need anything?”
	The guard shrugs, then continues to pace down the aisle.
	There is a crash as one of the big metal doors at the end of the hall slams open. Another guard walks in and makes his way to the one who had just spoken. The two begin speaking quietly and Loki watches out of the corner of his eye. As he catches some of the conversation, he smirks. Heimdall has sensed a disturbance; someone is coming, but they are invisible.
	A prisoner across from him chuckles and Loki looks up to see a Dark Elf staring at him, a grin pulling the corners of his lips up.
	“What are you laughing at, elf?” asks one of the guards. In response, the elf laughs again.
	The two guards mutter a few more words to each other. Then both hurry down the corridor and out the door.
	Loki stands and walks slowly to the edge of his cage, hands clasped behind his back.
	“I believe,” he starts, “that we have something in common.”
	“I have nothing in common with you, banished Prince,” the Elf sneers.
	“For your sake, I am going to ignore that remark.” Loki purses his lips. “Now tell me, what is going on above?”
	“You already know.”
	Loki nods and smiles. “Yes, of course I do, but I would much appreciate a clarification.”
	“He has found it,” the Dark Elf says.
	“It what?” 
	“It. The Amethyst.”
	“Amethyst? As in the gem?” Loki asks. “What would the Dark Elves need a gem for?”
	The Elf opens his mouth to say something but is cut off as feet pound across the floor above them.
	Loki looks up. “I suppose we shall see then,” he mutters. 







































Chapter 1

	I sit in a small, warm corner of Starbucks, a fire roaring in the fireplace next to me. Erasing the eye I've been drawing and redrawing for the last ten minutes, I glance over at my laptop lying closed on a table beside my seat. It stares back at me, reminding me that I should be typing an English paper. Next to my laptop is a cup of lukewarm hot chocolate, untouched as I've attempted to make this eye perfect. It's probably cold by now, neglected like my English paper. (But to be perfectly honest, I'd rather fail miserably at drawing my art project than write that stupid paper anyway.)
	Sighing, I erase most of the eye again and sit back. I look around as I adjust my earbuds. Outside it's rainy, windy and grossly September. I pick up my cup and take a swig of hot chocolate and catch myself just as I'm about to spit it out all over my paper. Hot chocolate should never be lukewarm, let alone cold. I get up and throw away the disgusting liquid and force myself to swallow the stuff in my mouth. Yuck.
	More people trickle in as it gets close to the end of the work day; the door bell dings as they walk in. When I realize the new crowd are people I go to school with, I try to blend in to my corner as much as possible. I turn my music up louder and slump down in my seat, making sure to face away from them. Finally deciding that I'm hidden enough, I pick up my pencil and continue attempting to draw an eye. Really, how hard can it be? It's just a slightly pointed oval with circles in it.
	After a few more minutes of me drawing, and of people laughing and talking, there's a crash. I ignore it, assuming someone just dropped a mug of coffee or something. But then someone screams, and another person screams, and all of a sudden Starbucks is full of the sounds of shrieks and scraping chairs. I pull my earbuds out and look up to see the shattered windows scattered around the floor. The frame of the glass door hangs off one hinge and the glass is no longer there. Some people are backed against the wall and others are running towards the door, trying to escape from whatever is happening. When they get to the empty door frame they freeze, scream bloody murder and run back inside.
	With a rising sense of panic, I throw my sketchbook and phone in my messenger bag and pull the strap over my head. I remember the pepper spray and pocket knife I keep in the outside pocket, and I fumble for the spray as I duck behind my chair. I know I need to hide from whoever, or whatever, broke the windows and door. Just as I crouch down, two tall men appear in the doorway. The quick glance I get of them is enough to make out some distinguishing features: both have pale white skin and pointed ears. The first one has long silver hair and weird silver eyes. The other, who stands farther back, is wearing an expressionless mask that makes it look like he doesn't have eyes. They look... evil.
	Unable to stop myself, I peer around the edge of the chair to make out more of these weird people. They look like two super tall basketball players going to a Cosplay convention, and I don't know what Cosplay it is, but they nailed it. The one without the mask wears a spiked helmet and silver chest plate and leg guards and just looks generally terrifying. Then he speaks.
"Where is the one known as Freya?" he asks. His voice is deep, with a strange accent, and when he talks it sounds like more than one person speaking at once.
	No one says anything, and I don't move. Something about them tells me I shouldn't... It could be the fact that these complete strangers know my name, or the fact that they look freaking creepy.
	"ANSWER ME, MORTALS!" the guy bellows, causing the crowd of people to take a step back.
	A girl lets out a strangled scream as the...elf?...picks her up. He throws her against the wall, and she smashes into it with a sickening crack. Through the crack between the chair and the wall, I see her slide to the floor; she doesn't get up.
	I let out a small gasp. The elf guy turns and starts walking towards my hiding place.
	Shit shit shit! I crouch down as far as I can and press myself against the chair, squeezing my eyes shut.
 	If you can't see him, he can't see you, a small part of me whimpers. A large, cold hand reaches down and wraps itself around the front of my leather jacket... I guess I've scientifically disproved that theory.
	The guy pulls me out from my hiding place and holds me up to his eye level. He's so tall that my feet dangle a good two feet above the ground. I try to conceal a whimper as he shakes me and speaks.
	"What is your name, girl?"
	"Abby."
	"Don't lie to me," he spits.
	"No! I'm not! I'm Abigail. Abigail Joan Adams! Please don't-"
	"I can tell when I'm being lied to, Freya Ericsson."
	Well, shit.
	He throws me against the ground. I scramble as far away from him as I can get before his crony grabs my bicep and hoists me to my feet. The first elf guy walks over to me and grabs my other arm, and his friend lets go. As he begins to pull me toward the door, he squeezes my arm and blinding pain flourishes under his finger tips. Then there's a pop and crack which causes lights to dance before my eyes. He just broke my arm with his bare hand. If this guy's an elf, goodbye, Legolas.
	"That is for lying to me," he whispers.
	"Let me go!" I cry and pinch his arm. He squeezes tighter. More pain shoots up through my arm into my head, and for a brief moment, I'm afraid I will pass out.
	I hold up my pepper spray, but just as I'm about to shoot him with it, he knocks the bottle from my hand.
	"Nice try."
	"Screw you," I hiss through gritted teeth.
	He laughs. "I take no offense from your pathetic mortal insults."
	Elf guy pulls me out of Starbucks and down the sidewalk. People stare at us as we pass then scurry off; no one tries to help me. I guess if I saw a giant elf walking down the street I'd probably run too.
	"At least tell me where we're going," I gasp. My arm really hurts.
	"Svartalfheim," he says.
	"Where?"
	"My home realm."
	"Your home realm...?"
	I am pulled farther down the street; then we turn a corner and my breath catches. There, sitting with it's bottom stuck in the pavement, is a giant metal space ship. It's black and spiky and a ramp protrudes from the front of it, leading to the ground. How is there no FBI or police or something out here? How the heck could officials just let some giant space ship land in the middle of New York without doing anything? Surely after what happened a year ago, security would be closely watching for any signs of extraterrestrial occurrences.
	Two other elves walk down the ramp and come to a stop at the end, carrying black metal things that look vaguely like guns. They all wear the same expressionless masks and the same silver and black armor.
	The elf holding me—he must be the leader—pushes me forward and says, "Walk." So I walk towards the space ship, cradling my broken arm gingerly with the other. More elves make their way down the ramp and I begin to notice that they are lining up on either side of us. My only path of escape is back. Or it would be if it weren't for the other elf's gun pressed against my spine.
	I glance to my left and see a gap between two elves that looks big enough for me to fit through. It's likely to be my only chance, and I take it. Quickly, I turn and kick the elf behind me as hard as I can in that general area, dodge the gun hurtling towards my head, and break into a dead sprint. I'm about five feet away from the line of elves when they begin to react. Now I'm three feet away. If I get past them, there's a building that I can run into and hide... get people's attention, call 911. A second later I am past most of the elves and I chance a look behind me. As I begin to I turn my head back around, I run into hard metal and fall to the ground. Looking up, I see leader elf standing over me, chuckling.
	I am stuck.
	"That was a very bad idea, child," he says. He reaches down and grabs my broken arm, squeezing tighter than he has the last two times.  A chorus of muffled pops follow as he pulls me up and back towards the ship.  More pain courses through my arm and I scream as loud as I can.  
I am absolutely, and completely stuck, and my arm is numb, but he keeps squeezing!
	"Who the hell are you," I moan, trying to make my voice stop shaking.
	He pushes me up the ramp and through the door without saying anything. The ramp retracts and the door closes, and we are left in an eerie purplish glow that emanates from some unseen light source.
	The elf guy who has probably succeeded in permanently screwing up my arm turns to say something to three others. They hurry off and he turns back towards me slowly, smiling. After pushing me into a chair, he begins to strap me to it, pulling a black cord across my waist and tying my arms behind my back. Then he ties my legs to the legs of the chair and steps back to inspect his handiwork.
	"Why am I here?" I ask, trying not to scream as the pain from my arm returns.
	"Because you are special. At least, I think you are."
	"You took me because you think I'm special?"
	He shrugs, then nods. "Yes."
	"But if you don't know, why'd you have to take me?"
	"Because if I found that you were the one I was looking for and I had left you here on Midgard, then I would have to waste my time and return to this dreadful realm."
	"I can assure you, I am not special—" I flinch as pain shoots into my shoulder "—in the slightest. I can't do anything for you, so please just let me go."
	"I am terribly sorry, girl, but as it seems we are already flying. I can do nothing to help," he says. "I must say though, you have been a delight to torture." He grins.
	"You're sick! Who are you!?" He doesn't answer. Instead he walks over to a table, reaches into a box and pulls out a syringe filled with a dark blue, almost black, liquid. He walks back to me and grabs my face, squeezing my cheeks with one white hand as he tips my head back, exposing my neck. There's a prick and I can feel the needle slide into me. Elf guy presses the plunger and the stuff seeps into my bloodstream.
	Finally, terror erupts in my chest, replacing my adrenaline fueled cockiness. I can feel the dark stuff spreading through my veins. I'm going to die. I'm going to die right now and my mom and friends won't know what happened. No one will ever know what happened to me.
	"Who are you?" I screech. "Why am I here? Let me go! I just want to go home! Please just let me go! WHO ARE YOU?"
	I have tunnel vision. My eyes are about to close and I feel my head slump against my chest. The elf grabs my face again and forces me to look at him.
	I can barely see, but I can tell he is enjoying this.
	"I am Malekith," he says, a smile spreading across his face, "and I am your worst nightmare."


Chapter 2

	Thor walks through the door of the throne room, where his father sits on the large golden chair. He kneels briefly in front of Odin, placing his arm and closed fist over his chest, before straightening and speaking.
	"Father, the Bifrost is malfunctioning. Heimdall does not know what is happening, but we believe Dark Elves are trying to get through."
	The Allfather nods, stroking his white beard absentmindedly.
	"Get as many forces as you can down to the Rainbow Bridge," he says after a moment.
	"Yes, Father." Thor bows and starts to hurry towards the door.
	"And Thor, make sure our prisoner is securely behind bars," Odin finishes.
	"Yes, I will. Thank you, Father."
	Thor rushes out and starts down the shining metal hallway. He hurries down flights of stairs, through more hallways and finally comes to the stairs that lead to the dungeon. He heads down and nods to the two men who stand guard at the large doors. They each pull one open and Thor enters. He walks down the long corridor that is lined on either side with cells and stops when he comes to one in particular.
	"And to what do I owe the pleasure?" Loki asks, placing his book on the day bed and getting up. He clasps his hands behind his back and walks to the front of the cell to look down on Thor. Two more Lokis materialize and follow him.
	"I'll have none of your tricks, Brother," Thor says.
	"Ah, well. You were never one for jokes." The two other Lokis disappear and are replaced by two Thors. "Now, tell me, what is happening up in Asgard that makes the all-mighty Thor look so...distraught?"
	"Loki, enough. I am here to tell you that if you put one single hair out of place, Father will not take kindly to you."
	Loki smiles slightly, beginning to pace. The two Thors disappear as he does so.
	"Father has never taken kindly to anything I've ever done, so that would be nothing new." Loki watches his brother as Thor pinches the bridge of his nose. "My, my; something must be happening. You haven't looked this upset since the time I invaded New York."
	The God of Thunder glares at him. "Loki, I must leave you now. A battle is waging and I must be there to fight."
	Thor turns to go.
	"What if I helped?" Loki calls. He has stopped pacing now, and he watches as Thor freezes just as he is about to leave the dungeon. Thor turns and walks back to his brother's cell, and the man in green begins to pace again.
	"What if I helped Asgard? What would you and Father think of me then? If I helped would I still be this...this monster everyone assumes I am? Would I be free of this place," Loki motions around him with a flick of his hand, "these criminals?"
	"I do not believe that is an option, Brother," Thor murmurs.
	The small smile that had been forming on Loki's lips falls away. Again, he stops pacing, but this time he does not face Thor when he speaks.
	"It seems I have forgotten that I am one of them, these criminals..."
	"Loki-"
	"It seems," Loki continues, getting louder, "that I am the monster."
	"Brother-"
	"Do not call me brother, Thor," Loki hisses.
	Thor closes his eyes briefly before speaking again.
	"Loki, you are my bro-"
	"NO!" Loki bellows, finally turning around. "I am not your brother; I never was! You never cared for me! I see that now. I knew from the start that Odin didn't; he never did. But I foolishly held out hope that you still did. I now know that I was wrong. You are no brother of mine!"
	The last thing Thor sees before Loki turns away from him is a flickering of blue and the flash of blood red eyes.
	"Loki, I will see if there is anything I can do about your imprisonment, but I can make no promises," he says quietly.
	Loki's eyebrow raises slightly in surprise but he doesn't turn to face his adoptive brother. Instead, he stands facing the wall until he is sure Thor has left. When he does turn, the Dark Elf who had spoken to him earlier that day is staring at him with narrowed eyes.
	"How dare you look at me!"
	The elf smirks, but turns away.

* * *

	I am unconscious. Or at least I was. Whatever liquid those assholes put in me hurt enough to awaken me from the fog that the hundreds of other substances had created. Just splendid. I think it's been an hour or so, but I can't really tell. All I know is pain, pain, and a hell of a lot more pain. Luckily I'm still in enough of a fog that all the agony is just a dull aching throb. This is even worse than the time I stepped on a piece of glass, then fell and broke my arm in the course of five minutes.
	Another needle goes in somewhere and it causes me to jolt fully awake. The pain rushes in, sending spots dancing across my vision. When my vision has cleared some, I look down to inspect my hurting body and instantly wish I didn't. The first thing I see is that my pink shirt-my favorite pink shirt-is totally covered in a mixture of needle juice and red stuff. And I'm pretty sure that red stuff is my red stuff. My legs are stiff from not moving and my leggings are caked in dried blood. I groan when I see my broken arm. It, too, is coated in blood, but under all that I can make out nasty shades of blue, purple, yellow and green. Bile rises in my throat. I'm gonna throw up, and I do.
	It lands on my legs and on the feet of an elf guy who is standing in the splash zone. He glares at me and I shrug slightly. Sorry. You stick me with needles, I puke on you. I think that's fair enough.
	My bag!
	I look around frantically before realizing that the strap is still securely over my chest. This makes me feel better, but only slightly.
	"How was your nap?" a voice asks, and I look up to find Malekith glowering over me.
	Freaking terrific, thanks for asking. I don't say anything.
	"Oh there, there, child. It will all be over soon enough if -"
	His voice fades away as I feel yet another needle poke into me. This one goes into my back, between my shoulder blades and it's filled with something that hurts, that burns. A sound escapes me that I never thought was possible to make. My veins are on fire. Everything is burning from the inside out. If this is what if feels like to be microwaved, I will never microwave anything ever again.
	"Well, girl?"
	"What?" I ask. Has he been talking the whole time? It's kinda hard to concentrate with lava running through your veins. My vision swims and I can barely make out what he says next.
"—you help—we will torture—kill you."
	"Then kill me," I say as I fall back into unconsciousness.

* * *

	Thor sprints down the hallway toward the doors that lead to the Rainbow Bridge. He stops briefly when he passes a window to look out over the battle waging in and outside of the Bifrost. Dark Elves stream out of a portal that has been forced open and they crash into the Asgardians, pushing them farther and farther up the Bridge, towards the palace.
	As Thor watches, an elf with pale skin and silver white hair walks through the madness. He turns his face up and looks directly at Thor, smiling.
	"Malekith," Thor murmurs and turns on his heel, beginning to head back to the Throne Room. If Malekith is here, mere metal weapons are not going to suffice. He turns a corner and runs directly into Sif.
	"Lady Sif, I apologize," he says, dipping his head.
	"It is alright, but shouldn't you be out fighting?"
	"Yes, I was just going to speak to my father about something first."
	"What is it? Perhaps I can accompany you and help win the Allfather over," says Sif.
	Thor lets out a short laugh. "Perhaps, but...I do not believe you will take very kindly to the idea that I have."
	Sif narrows her eyes before saying, "What is this idea, Thor?"
	"I believe," Thor starts slowly, "that it would be in our best interest to allow...Loki to aid us in this war."
	Sif's face turns from confused to angry in seconds.
	"Are you mad?" she cries. "He has done nothing but betray us and your plan is to let him out?"
	"Yes, it is."
	"I am sorry, Thor, but that is not something I wish to help you with." She brushes past him. "I am headed to battle."
	Thor watches until she disappears before continuing to the throne room. He bursts through the doors, not stopping to show respect to his king.
	"Father, I have something to ask of you."
	"What is it?" Odin asks. "Are the Dark Elves forcing their way across the Bridge?"
	"We are doing our best to confine them to the Bifrost, but they are pushing closer. That is related to the matter which I wish to discuss. I believe that we could use Loki's magic."
	The Allfather sits in stunned silence as what his son said sinks in. "No."
	"Allfather, please. I—"
	"No, Thor. I will not allow that criminal out at a time like this."
	"Father, Makelith is out there," Thor says, pointing towards the door, "and I think that if we had magic on our side -"
	The golden doors bang open and Thor and Odin turn. Sif walks towards them briskly and kneels once she is in front of Odin, crossing her arm over her chest.
	"Allfather, Thor has told me of his plan, and as much as I dislike Loki, I believe his magic would aid us," she says as she straightens. "We are greatly outnumbered and I think that if we had Loki's magic on our side we would be able to defeat the Dark Elves."
	Odin regards the two warriors in silence for a few moments before sighing. "So be it. But be warned: both of you are responsible for Loki and his actions. Anything he does will be on your shoulders."
	"I understand, Father. Thank you for listening," Thor says. He and Sif turn and walk out.
	"This is a foolish thing that I should not have agreed to," she murmurs. "We should not be freeing him."
	"If he so much as thinks about doing something reckless, I will put him back in his cell and see that he is never let out again; I promise you that."
	"I am surprised your father agreed so quickly," Sif says, looking at Thor as they walk.
	"As am I," the god agrees. "I do not know how I feel about the ease in which he obliged."
	They walk in silence until they come to the stairs that lead to the dungeons. For the second time that day Thor approaches Loki's cell.
	"Now what?" Loki asks, annoyed. He glances at Sif. "I see Sif has decided to join us this time. Hello, Sif."
	"Loki," she says, nodding to him.
	"You're so cold. Is that all I get after not seeing you for so long?"
	"Loki!" Thor says loudly, cutting him off. "You are being released under our watch. You are to aid us against the Dark Elf attack, and if you harm Asgard or any of it's people, I will lock you up. If you mess up this time, you will never be released again."
	Loki raises an eyebrow. "I'm impressed, Thor. How did you manage to persuade the Allfather? Brainwashing? Hypnotism?"
	Thor walks over to a guard and they begin to speak softly.
	"I am to thank for that," Sif says. "I, like Thor, believe that your magic will be able to help defend Asgard."
	"How can I ever thank you, Sif?" Loki asks, smiling sweetly down at her. He leans towards her but keeps a safe distance away from the electrical force field.
	"By proving me wrong," she whispers.
	"Proving you wrong how?"
	Before she has time to answer, Thor returns with a guard. The guard touches the wall just below the force field and it shimmers then disappears.
	Loki hops down, then turns to look at the wall.
	"If I had known it was that easy, I would have broken out ages ago," he mutters before turning to Lady Sif and his brother.
	"Well, Thor? Show me to the madness."
	Thor grabs Loki's bicep and begins to drag him towards the dungeon doors.
	"Do you not trust me?"
	"No."
	"Naturally...." Loki mutters, then a moment later he disappears.
	"LOKI!" Thor bellows.
	The God of Mischief smiles as he walks towards the Rainbow Bridge. He comes to a stop at it's edge and turns to wait. After a few minutes, Thor comes running down the stairs leading from the palace to the courtyard. When he spots his brother, he yells something unintelligible up to Sif who has just begun to make her way down the steps. A moment later they are both standing in front of Loki with mirrored looks of rage.
	"Finally! I was beginning to get worried you had lost your way," Loki smirks.
	"I will deal with this later," Thor says. "Now, let us enter the battle."
	Loki spots elves running towards them. "May I?"
	Thor nods and Loki disappears only to reappear directly in front of the elves in full armor, helmet and all, holding two swords which he sends straight through their chests.
The elves let out simultaneous screeches then fall to the ground, dead. Loki glances back at Sif and Thor, grinning. Another elf takes this moment to run at the god, but Loki ducks and the elf's sword swings harmlessly above him. Loki straightens, then decapitates the elf, letting out a triumphant cry. Thor and Sif exchange a quick glance, then run into the battle.
	The war wages on, but finally the Asgardians have the elves totally confined in the Bifrost.
	"Loki! Your left!" Thor yells as he swings his hammer at an elf. It connects with the elf's jaw and the elf falls to the ground.
	Loki glances to his left. An elf runs at him, getting closer and closer. Just as he is about to lunge, the real Loki comes up behind him and stabs him.
	Loki dispels the illusion with a quick wave of his hand, then turns back to his brother. "Where is Malekith?" he calls.
	"I do not kn—" Thor stops when he sees the elf leader staring at them. He is holding someone. A girl, Thor realizes. A girl who is covered in dried blood. The few patches of her skin that aren't caked with red and brown are a light, sickly grey, with black veins visible like tattoos; bruises cover her face.
	"Loki!" Thor calls. He throws Mjölnir and the hammer flies through the air, smashing into five elves as it goes.
	"What is it?" Loki yells back. "As you can see, I'm somewhat busy." He stabs one elf and slices another.
	"Malekith has a mortal girl!"
	"What do you want me to do about it?" Loki elbows another elf in the stomach before stabbing him.
	"I will get him to put her down. You take her to Eir to be healed."
	"No! You brought me here to fight. I will not leave on behalf of a Midgardian mortal," Loki spits.
	"You were brought here to fight, but you are free because of me, so I advise you to do as I say." Thor turns away from his brother and starts walking toward Malekith, holding his hand out to summon Mjölnir to him.
	Loki stands still for a moment, then slowly turns to follow behind his brother's red cape. As they get closer to Malekith, Loki's body shimmers; then he disappears.
	"Malekith!" Thor bellows. "Join the fight!"
	The Dark Elf smiles at him. "I think I will pass on the offer."
	"Do not be a coward! Put down the girl and fight!" Thor cries.
	Malekith smiles wider. "You will soon come to regret this." He drops the girl and pulls out his sword. Malekith lunges but stumbles as Thor backs away. Thor swings his hammer, catapulting the Dark Elf halfway across the Bifrost. Before following, Thor turns, searching the air for Loki. When he catches sight of a slight glimmer in the air, he nods and pursues Malekith. 
	Loki runs to the girl, who lies crumpled against the cold floor. Her left arm is bruised and cut and her right arm is too bloody to assess the real damage. She looks young... too young to be wound up in any business of Malekith's. Loki picks her up gingerly then sprints out of the Bifrost and down the Rainbow Bridge. He runs until he is half way across the Rainbow Bridge, then he turns and watches the battle for just a moment before transporting to the infirmary.
	"Put her on the table, gently," Eir says, standing up and walking to the sink to fill a bowl with water. She places it on a chair next to the table and hands Loki a cloth.
	"What do you want me to do with this?" he asks, holding it between his thumb and forefinger.
	"Clean her face and arm," Eir says, cutting away the girl's shirt to expose any hidden wounds.
	Loki looks at the goddess, appalled. "It seems you have forgotten—"
	"Loki, I do not care if you were a prince. Clean the wound now or I'll send you straight back to your father." The Goddess of Healing glares at him.
	Loki rolls his eyes then gets to work rubbing the dried blood from the girl's skin.
















Chapter 3 

	I moan and shift slightly, regretting it as little prickles of pain shoot up from my various wounds. I must be dead. I have to be dead. There's no way I survived that torture.
	If you were dead, nothing would hurt, stupid.
	I crack my eyes open and look around. Everything is slightly blurred, and, to be completely honest, I'm surprised I'm not lying in a bed made of clouds surrounded by rainbows and blue.
	I try to open my left eye, but the skin around it is too swollen to open it more than a crack. I blink multiple times, clearing the vision in my other eye. Once everything stops looking fuzzy my jaw drops.
	I am lying in a large hospital bed in a really big room. The walls are covered in warm brown wallpaper with thin golden curls spiraling across it. To my right is a metal night stand with bandages and some bottles filled with weird colored liquids. Farther off, pushed against the wall parallel to my bed, is a sofa that looks about two times bigger than normal. Next to that is a table. A vase of bright blue and orange lilies sits on it. I'm dreaming. I'm in one of those dreams where you shrink down and everything is too big and too bright. I need to be. If I'm not dead, I am definitely dreaming.
	Taking a moment before goggling at anything else, I inspect my body. My arm that had been crushed is now bandaged with this weird brown fabric that must be a cast. A few sickly colored bruises stick out from under it, but I can tell it isn't broken anymore. My right arm looks like it had succumbed to a brutal form of acupuncture. Speckles the size of pin heads, and some even bigger, dot it everywhere; on my wrist, my bicep, even my elbow. My elbow. How do you even get a needle in an elbow?
	After feeling my face, and wincing a total of thirteen and a half times, I conclude that nothing major is broken. My eye is just as puffy and half closed as it was when I woke up and I have a giant bruise on the left side of my face that stretches from my cheek bone to my jaw. I vaguely remember being punched and slapped a couple of times. I don't want to (let alone have the stomach for it) look at the rest of my body, so instead I turn my attention back to my surroundings.
	The wall to my left is completely covered by a window and the landscape outside is more beautiful than anything I have ever seen. There is a large expanse of gold towers and buildings that subside to less shiny walls and roofs. To one side of what must be a village is a forest of huge pine trees, and farther past the village is a deep blue ocean that just sort of spills over into space.
	"Holy crap," I breath. It looks like a scene from a fairytale, except slightly more shiny and golden.
	"I see you have awoken," a voice says from behind me.
	I look at the person who spoke. It's a man and he is big. He's wearing silver and black armor and is holding something that vaguely resembles a hammer. Behind him flows a long red cape. His hair is shoulder length and honey blond and neatly trimmed scruff covers his chin. His overall appearance is overwhelming, but his eyes are kind and have crinkles next to them, marks made from continuous smiling and laughter.
	"I...um...yes. Yeah, I guess I have," I sputter. "So, uh, where exactly am I?"
	"Asgard, my lady," the man says.
	Holy shit.
	"Wait, wait. You said Asgard. As in the Norse mythology Asgard?"
	Now this definitely needs to be a dream.
	He laughs. "Yes, that Asgard. But I can assure you, my lady, it is certainly no myth."
	"Holy shit. Holy shit, so wait. Okay...holy sh-crap. Sorry! Okay, okay, uh." I take a breath, trying to sort out my thoughts that are scattered around my brain like puzzle pieces. "If-if I'm on Asgard, then...who are you?"
	"I am Thor, Son of Odin Allfather and Frigga Allmother of Asgard." He bows slightly.
	"Thor? Like lightning and thunder Thor?"
	"I suppose." He laughs again. I must sound really stupid.
	"And that's your hammer?" I ask, pointing at it.
	"Yes. This is Mjölnir."
	I repeat the name silently then stare at him. I open my mouth to say something, but shut it abruptly, not knowing what to say.
	"Are you alright?" he asks after a moment of watching me sputter for words. "Are you in pain? I can summon Eir. She is the healer here."
	"No, I'm fine, just a little...flustered. And sore. And kinda scared, too," I say, squeezing the blanket. Don't freak out, don't freak out!
	"I apologize if I came off as threatening. I meant no harm," Thor says.
	"Oh, no, it's not you. I've just been through a lot and I'm kind of freaking out right now. So, um..." I swallow then continue. "I'm just getting very overwhelmed."
	He gives me a worried look then says, "I shall summon Eir. She will be able to help." He smiles down at me before turning and leaving. The door swings shut behind his red cape and I sit staring at the wood. What happened while I was out? Where did Malekith go? And how the hell did I wind up in Asgard?
	Glancing out the window again, I can make out a sparkling bridge with lights shifting and shimmering through it, looking like moving rainbows. At the end of it is a large, golden sphere with a round opening where the bridge connects with it. A large steeple-like structure protrudes from the top.
	The door swings open and Thor walks back in followed by a woman. She is beautiful, with long brown hair that trails down her back and shining gold-brown eyes. She is wearing a tan tunic that covers dark pants tucked into worn leather boots. Her sleeves are rolled up and her hands are stained, from medicine, I am guessing.
	"How are you fairing, child?" she asks, smiling at me.
	"Okay, I guess? I kinda hurt, but it's nothing like before. But I'm just feeling really overwhelmed."
	"It is good you are no longer in pain; it means the potion worked." She holds up a small vial full of purple liquid. "I have prepared another. When you wish, drink this and it will heal you further while you sleep."
	"Thank you," I say.
	She sets it on the table beside me and says, "As for you being overwhelmed, there is not much I can do." Eir sits on the edge of my bed, taking one of my hands and giving it a small squeeze. "But I can assure you, Malekith can not get you here. You are safe and we will keep you safe for the duration of your stay here. My suggestion is to get some sleep. You will feel much better when you wake." She smiles at me, getting up, then places her hand momentarily on Thor's shoulder before leaving.
	"Was that Eir?" I ask.
	Thor nods. "Yes. She is Asgard's healer and can create powerful elixirs that can cure even the most seriously wounded men and women."
	"So I see," I mutter, eyeing the brightly colored liquid.
	"I should leave to let you rest and heal fully," the God of Thunder says.
	I swallow my nerves and give him a tight smile. "I'm fine for now. Plus, I want to know what happened while I was unconscious and half dead." Memories of the torture come flooding back and I wince, pushing them far, far away.
	He frowns a little as he starts to explain. "I do not know what happened while you were being held by the Dark Elves, so I can only tell you the events that transpired during the attack." I nod and he continues. "We don't know precisely what happened, but somehow the Dark Elves breached our barriers and entered through the Bifrost. Lady Sif, one of our best warriors, my brother and I fought Malekith and I sent my brother to take you to Eir."
	"Did you...kill Malekith?" I ask, becoming slightly hopeful.
	"No. As soon as he realized we had rescued you, he left. I fear he shall return for you in the near future."
	I don't say anything. He's not dead. He needs me for something, so obviously he's going to come back.
	"Where's your brother? Is he still here?" I ask, breaking the silence. "Can I thank him?"
	At this Thor becomes awkward. "I do not think that wise...."
	"Why not?"
	"My brother is...unstable."
	"Unstable how?"
	"Well..."
	It's almost comical seeing such a big, confidant guy fidget.
	"Well...?" I ask, shrugging a little.
	"He can become very angry and violent with no explanation. I do not wish to use the word insa-"
	"I was saved by an insane guy?" I cry.
	"No! He was under direct orders from the Allfather that if he harmed you-"
	"So you and this Sif person told an insane guy to save me?"
	"Lady Freya-"
	"And he listened?"
	At this Thor furrows his brow. "Er...yes.... I do not see-"
	"If he is a psychopath then wouldn't he have, I don't know, actually done something to me? Or at least, not have listened to you?"
	"I suppose I see your point, but I believe he acted under the knowledge that if he disobeyed he would no longer be allowed out of his cell."
	"His cell?"
	"Yes, he has caused much...conflict between people," he says. Then, when he sees the look on my face, follows it up with, "But, I do believe that my brother could change for the better if he was given the chance, as does my mother. The Allfather does not."
	Maybe I should just take that purple potion now. All this information is making my brain hurt, not to mention the throbbing that has started in my bruised arm.
	I close my eyes and take a deep breath. As I let it out, I look at Thor. "I have a lot of questions."
	"I would be very surprised if you did not," he said. "I will answer everything you ask to the best of my ability."
	"Okay, thank you. So, Dark Elves brought me to Asgard, which is where the Norse gods, who I thought were myth but actually aren't, live?" Thor nods. "And I was saved by your psychopathic brother who could become non-psychopathic, maybe? And you're Thor, son of Odin?"
	"Yes, all of that is correct."
	"Your mom is Frigga?"
	"Yes."
	"Odin is, like, the main god?"
	"Yes."
	"What's a Bifrost?"
	"The Bifrost is a portal capable of transporting anyone to any of the Nine Realms. It is the golden sphere which you can see from where we are located." He points out the window and I follow his gaze to the golden ball attached to the colorful bridge. "The Rainbow Bridge attaches it to Asgard. Heimdall is it's protector."
	I nod. Then open my mouth to ask another question, but before I can, the door opens and Eir walks back in.
	She walks directly to Thor, whispers, “I need to speak with you,” then Thor gets up and they both walk a little ways away. 
	I sit, watching them, trying not to eavesdrop but trying to all at the same time. They’re talking so quietly that the only thing I hear is, “Does she know?”
	“About what?” Thor whispers.
	“Does she know about Loki? Does she—who—what he did?”
	“I do not believe so, no.”
	Eir nods and glances at me. When she sees I had been listening, she whispers one more thing to Thor, then walks over to me.
	“Remember to talk the medicine.”
	“I will,” I say, glancing at the purple liquid.
	She turns, exchanges a look with Thor and leaves us alone again.
	“What does she mean?” I ask once the door has closed.
	“I beg your pardon?”
	“What does she mean ‘do I know about Loki?’ He’s one of your brothers, right?” I try to pull as many Norse mythology facts from my mythology course last semester. If I had known then that I’d be in the home of the Norse gods, I would have payed more attention. “He’s the God of Mischief and Lies right?”
	“He is my only brother and yes...you are correct,” Thor says. He looks uncomfortable.
	Only brother? We must have gotten a lot of stuff wrong, then.
	“But what was she talking about?” 
	“I do not think—”
	“You said you would answer everything I ask to the best of your ability,” I say.
	He rubs his forehead, sighing. “I did say that,” then quieter, “and I am beginning to regret it.”
	“So what did your brother do?” I lean forward, waiting.
	He’s silent.
	“Wellllll?”
	“Do you recall the, ah, the Avengers?”
	“Yes...” I wait for a moment, then something clicks. “Oh my god! Are you an Avenger?”
	He nods.
	“Whoa, I—well, I guess that’s kinda obvious now that I think about it. I did see something fly by my dorm window about a year ago, before all of that weird alien stuff really started.” I stare at my hand, thinking for a second. “So that means you know Captain America? And the Hulk?”
	“Yes, but—”
	“Are they nice?”
	“Yes, but—”
	“Wow—”
	“Lady Freya, that is not what I am trying to tell you.” He sits down on the edge of the bed. “You apparently remember the invasion of the New City of York.”
	I laugh at this, but stop when I remember what we’re actually talking about. “Yes, I do.”
	“You know about the aliens. However, do you know who brought them there?”
	I shake my head. “Not really. I saw some stuff on newscasts. The footage was really bad though. There were some rumors going around after the fact, but no certainties. The government kept it all very down low. The rumors were really farfetched though. I heard some people talking about how it was a god who came down to rule Earth or something. They were throwing around names, Hades, Osiris, Lo—”
	I stop.
	Thor is watching me carefully. He sits up straighter. “Loki, yes.”
	“Yeah,” I breath. Loki tried to take over my planet. “It was him? He’s the one who practically flattening New York to the ground!?”
	He merely nods.
	“Your brother, Loki, the God of freaking Lies and Mischief tried to take over my planet! Holy shit, Thor! Why didn’t you tell me this when you mentioned psychopathic?”
	“It did not seem appropriate to inform you earlier. You were quite overwhelmed so I did not think it wise to add to it.”
	“Were you going to tell me?”
	“Eventually...probably.”
	I lean forward and put my head in my hands. “This is unreal,” I whisper.
	“I...suppose now that you know what he did, you do not wish to see him.”
	"No, I still want to. But along with thanking him, I also want to slap him. Mostly slap him. Where is he?" I say.
	"Loki is in his cell, as I said before," Thor says. He walks to the end of my bed and sits down.
	"In his cell."
	"Yes."
	"You were serious?"
	"My lady, are you sure you are feeling well? This is the third time I have said this."
	"Yes, I'm fine. Doesn't locking him up make him angrier? I mean, I'm not trying to defend the guy who tried to take over my planet, but doesn't keeping him locked up and able to brood twenty-four-seven not help the situation of 'teaching him a lesson'? You even said yourself that he was let out under orders not to harm anyone, or whatever."
	Thor is silent for a few moments before he opens his mouth and carefully says, "I understand what you are saying but my father does not believe it is wise for him to be running free. For that reason, we put him back in his cell even though he listened to me and did not harm anyone. I believe that the Allfather's patience has been entirely used up by my brother."
	I look out the window and study Asgard, thinking. "Can I go see him, though?"
	"Perhaps; but for now I suggest you rest."
	The purple liquid is still sitting on the nightstand, glistening in the daylight. I pick it up and uncork it.
	"Sweet dreams," I mutter, and down the drink in one gulp. Warmth spreads through me as soon as I swallow the potion. It makes me feel heavy and my eyelids start to droop. Thor stands and pulls the blanket over my exposed arms so that it rests just below my neck.
	"I shall check on you once you are fully rested," he murmurs and I mutter something that comes out as a slur in response.
	Then I'm enveloped in blissful sleep.

* * *

	Some time later I wake up and instantly realize that, besides a few scars on my arms from the needle injections, I am entirely healed. I sit up, yawn and stretch, sighing as I crack my back. I open my eyes and notice how my once puffy eye now opens fully. Expecting to see the brown wallpaper from before, I'm shocked when I realize that I am in a much nicer, much bigger room.
	The bed I am sitting in is slightly longer and wider than a normal king-size and is covered in a dark turquoise bed spread that I've just now realized is the only thing covering my almost completely naked body. I pull the blankets up over my exposed bra and look around frantically for a place to change. The wall across from me has a window about four feet wide that reaches all the way to the ceiling high above; to my right, the entire wall is a window.
	I see a big wardrobe across the room but I don't feel like running past a giant window in my undies. To the left of the smaller window is a set of gold hooks from which hang my bag and jacket, but none of my other clothes from Earth. The door next to the hooks is partly open; inside I can see a mirror hanging on the gold wall just above a sink. A fireplace made of dark marble covers part of another wall and two chairs sit in front of it, bathed in an orange glow. On the same wall are two giant golden doors that must lead out of my room.
	There's a knock on the door and I jump.
	"Lady Freya?" someone calls softly. "Are you awake?"
	"Yeah! Er, one minute!" I look around for a place to change and spot a door. I get up and run over to it (thank god these gods have rugs).
	When I turn the handle and pull it open, a wave of relief washes over me. Inside is a small room full of clothes. Dresses of every color and style hang from a rod and shirts, tunics and pieces of light armor hang on another. Under the shirts and tunics are shelves that hold an assortment of neatly folded trouser. The wall across from me is made entirely of shelves and on each one are about five pairs of shoes. I am in heaven!
	I glance over the dresses then turn to the other wall where the shirts hang. Picking out a red tunic, I pull it on, then pull on a pair of light beige pants and walk out.
	I go to the double doors and grab the handle. When I pull it open, I see a girl standing in front of me. She is about half an inch shorter than I am and looks to be about thirteen or fourteen (but not knowing how time works in Asgard, I can't say for sure).
	"Um...hi," I say, smiling.
	She smiles back, but her light blue eyes still look nervous. "I am Lifa, and I've been assigned to help you with whatever you may need, whether it be washing clothes or retrieving more towels for your bath."
	"Uh, thank you. You...already know my name."
	Lifa laughs lightly. "Yes, Lady Freya. Thor has told me everything that has happened to you and I am very sorry to hear about all that you went through."
	"Yeah...it was...really, really awful. But Eir healed me, so I'm fine now."
	I stand there awkwardly, not knowing what to say. Lifa does the same, twirling the end of her blond braid around her finger. A minute passes without us saying anything and I'm beginning to wonder if I should invite her inside or-
	"Pardon me!" the girl cries suddenly. "I forgot the reason for which I came. Here. Your Midgardian garments." She holds out a pile of clothes and I see my pink shirt, camisole, and leggings.
	"Eir had them washed and mended for you. She thought that you would most likely want them back."
	I take my clothes and thank her.
	"The Queen also wishes for you to attend dinner. I can help you find a dress to wear, if you would like." Lifa smiles at me.
	"That'd be great. Come on in." I stand back and she enters my room, a look of wonder slowly covering her face.
	"You have a beautiful room!"
	"Thanks." I put my clothes on the sofa. "So, when do I have to go to dinner? And what do I have to do? I've never really eaten with royalty before."
	"In about an hour's time," Lifa says, stroking the curtains that hang from the canopy over my bed. "I will explain everything once you are dressed and ready. Where's your closet?"
	I point to the door and she rushes over, eager to see more. I don't blame her, I'm eager to look in my closet even though I already know what's in it. Lifa opens the door and lets out a small gasp as she walks in. I laugh.
	"Are you not coming?" she calls, her voice loud and excited.
	"Yes, I am!" I call and I follow her in.
	"You are going to be dining with the Allfather and Frigga, the Queen," the girl says. She turns to me. "Along with Thor, Lady Sif and the Warriors Three." Lifa pulls a red ruffly dress off the rod and holds it up in front of her. Peeking her head around, she looks at me with a scrunched up nose; we exchange looks and I shake my head.
	"Find something more...flowy," I say, walking to an elegant looking gold one. No.
	"So what do I need to know for this thing? Any tips? Pointers?"
	"Be polite, do not interrupt, sit up straight. I do not really know what else to tell you for I have never eaten in the presence of the Allfather."
	I nod and we both continue to look for a few minutes more, me saying no to almost all the ones she holds up.
	Lifa taps my shoulder. "I think I may have found one." I can hear the smile in her voice.
	When I turn and see the dress she is holding, I gasp. The gown is a dark blue, almost navy, and the gauzy straps have little sequins and jewels that shimmer and shine in the light that doesn't really have a source.
	"Well?" Lifa asks, smiling.
	"Yes. That is perfect! Definitely yes!" I cry.
	She holds the dress out to me and I take it, running my fingers over the soft fabric.
	"I also found these." She holds up a pair of silver high heels and I nod, unable to take my eyes off the dress. "I'll leave so you can change, Lady Freya. If you wish, I could also do your hair. I've always wanted to do someone's hair, but I have three brothers, so I haven't gotten the chance."
	"If it isn't too much trouble, I would really appreciate it," I say.
	"It is no problem at all. I would be happy to do it." Lifa smiles and hurries out, closing the door behind her. Once she's gone, I pull off the tunic and hang it back up. I shed the pants and throw them in a messy pile on top of some others. Taking the gown off the hanger, I unbutton the back and step into it. It floats down around me, coming to a stop just above the floor. I step into the shoes and strap them on to my feet, feeling way too tall.
	"Okay! I'm ready! But I might need help walking."
	Lifa opens the door and her eyes widen. "That dress looks so beautiful on you! Here, I'll button it." She quickly buttons up the back then helps me waddle into my room. "I'll do your hair, and then Thor should be here to show you to the dining hall."
	"Thank you," I say and sit down on the edge of my bed. Lifa crawls on and sits behind me, her hands working quickly on my hair. Two minutes later, she hops off the bed to inspect her handiwork.
	"Is it good?" I'm a little nervous; she said she's never done this before.
	"It is much more than 'good;' go look," Lifa says, pointing at the mirror.
	I get up and walk over to the mirror. I gasp, seeing my reflection and tilt my head to look at my hair. It's pulled into a loose braid and some dark waves frame my face.
	"M'lady, I do not mean to be rude, but what is that marking on your shoulder?" Lifa asks.
	I crane my neck to look at my right shoulder where my small, star-shaped tattoo is. "It's a tattoo," I say, touching it absentmindedly.
	"It is a very pretty marking."
	I glance at her and she smiles. "Thank you. And thank you for doing my hair. This is pretty good for having three brothers and all."
	"Thank you, Lady Freya."
	Someone knocks on the door and I walk over as I say, "You can just call me Freya."
	Thor stands there smiling and now, instead of his armor and cape, he wears a grey cloak and some of his hair is pulled back. He looks even more handsome than he did before, if that's possible.
	"My lady, you seemed to have cleaned up a bit," he says, looking at my dress.
	"Yeah. One looks considerably better without a swollen eye and a giant bruise on her face," I say, trying to cover up my red cheeks and nervous laughing.
	He smiles then holds up his arm. Chivalry is not dead! I take it and then turn back to Lifa.
	"Thanks for all your help."
	"It was nothing. I hope you have a wonderful time at dinner," she says. "I will see you tomorrow. If you do not mind, I can get your chambers ready for your return, lay out some night things."
	"That'd be great," I say. The doors close and Thor and I begin to walk down the hallway toward the delicious smell of food.

	

















Chapter 4

	"Is everything made of gold here?" I ask, only partly joking. We've walked down about five hallways and three stair cases and almost everything I've seen so far is gold.
	Thor laughs. "Not everything, but much of the palace and walkways are considerably more...shiny than those on Midgard."
	"So you're saying I could take home a window sill and pay for the rest of my college education?"
	"I suppose, though I do not understand why you must pay for your education."
	"I, my family, and a good percentage of the population of the United States would agree with you on that one," I mutter. At this Thor gives me a very confused look. I smirk at him, but trip over the floor and almost fall.
	"You do not seem very accustomed to high heels," he comments, chuckling.
	"That is because I'm not." I loosen my grip on his arm slightly and stand up straighter, trying to regain my dignity. This movement causes me to wobble yet again and I wrap my arms back around Thor's giant bicep.
	We walk in silence for a while. I look around, staring at everything and everyone we pass. Every single person I have seen here looks too perfect and too beautiful to be real. As we pass by some windows I catch a glance of Asgard at night. Stars twinkle in the sky that doesn't seem to have a beginning or end. Galaxies that look like I could reach out and touch them glisten and shine. A big moon hangs in the sky, incredibly close, and a planet with orange and white stripes floats to the left of it, even closer.
	Thor leads me to the end of the hallway where a door sits closed in front of us and he swings it open and gestures for me to go ahead of him. When I walk in, I try to contain my excitement and astonishment. I should really be used to the general bigness of these rooms and the fact that, again, every single thing is gold except for some of the furniture.
	Thor touches the small of my back and guides me past a short staircase that leads into a lowered section of the room where people mill around, talking and eating. We walk across a small bridge and then he leads me to a table where people already sit. When we are almost to the table, I trip again; as I'm about to hit the ground, two arms wrap around my waist and pull me up. I turn my head, expecting the arms to be Thor's.
	"That was a very close call," says a man with short blond hair, putting his lips close to my ear.
	"Th-thank you very much," I stutter. This guy is gorgeous!
	"Fandral, you flirt, let her go," says the woman sitting closest to us. She has long brown hair and is wearing a silver dress that has the texture of chain mail.
	"But Sif, how can she possibly get to her seat without my assistance?" Fandral asks, looping his arm through mine.
	"I can-I can probably get there fine," I squeak.
	"Are you sure, m'lady? I would hate to see you fall," he says, smiling at me. I give him a tight nod and smile slightly. "Very well." He slips his arm away from mine and catches my hand, kisses the back of it then walks back over to his seat.
	"Lady Freya," Thor says, "I would like you to meet Lady Sif, Fandral, Hogun, Volstagg, and my parents, Frigga and Odin Allfather."
	Sif smiles; Volstagg waves a half-eaten leg of some kind of animal at me; and Hogun, who is sitting next to Sif, doesn't look at me or say anything.
	Thor leads me over to an empty chair next to Hogun. The warrior waits for me to be seated before plopping down next to me. Thor is seated next to his father, who is at the head of the table. Next to him is Frigga, who smiles warmly at me, and in between the Queen and Fandral is another empty chair, this one is gold and has green, velvet covered cushions. It looks unused, as if no one has sat there in a long, long time. I have a feeling I know whose it is.
	"We wish to thank you for joining us tonight," the Queen says, snapping me back to reality.
	"I should be the one thanking you. If it weren't for Thor and Loki," Odin tenses when I say the second name, "I'd probably be dead, or close to it, at least."
	"I am truly sorry for all that you have gone through. We will do everything in our power to keep Malekith from taking you again," she says. Odin doesn't say anything and just looks at me with his one eye.
	"Thank you. I really appreciate it..." I glance up at Odin. He's still staring at me. "I appreciate it a lot."
	Still staring.
	I stare back.
	A minute later he blinks and looks away.
	"How dare Malekith touch such a beautiful maiden!" Fandral says, disgust in his voice. I blush and he winks at me, making the red in my cheeks reach my ears.
	I try to ignore the handsome warrior as he watches me with this look (seductive is the only word for it) on his face. I turn to Sif and say, "Thor told me that you helped save me and I just want to say thanks to you as well."
	"It was nothing at all. Most of the work was done by...Loki," her eyes flit to Odin when she says Loki's name. "He was the one who saved you, though he did it quite reluctantly."
	I glance over at Odin. He and Frigga are talking with hushed voices but I catch some of what they say. 'Loki.' 'Bifrost.' 'Her.'
	Just as I'm about to ask why everyone seems so fidgety (with the exception of Fandral who, whenever I look at him, wiggles his eyebrows), the meal arrives. And it is a feast! Set in front of me is a plate that contains three different types of meat, five different vegetables, two of which I've never seen, and two kinds of rolls.
	"I did not know what you prefer so I asked for a variety," Thor murmurs as he begins to eat.
	"Thank you." The rest of the group start eating so I tentatively pick up my fork and spear a weird vegetable that looks like a cross between a potato and a carrot. I take a small bite and my eyes widen as the flavor flowers in my mouth. It is absolutely delicious and before I know it, the rest of them are gone.
	I glance up, feeling eyes on me, and see Frigga smiling. I smile back and go back to eating. One of the rolls is a light brown with seeds scattered across the top. It tastes like a normal piece of bread, but there is a faint hint of a cinnamon after taste. I finish it and then try the other, which is so lightly colored it's almost white. It tastes like its filled with sugar and butter and vanilla and melts almost as soon as it touches my tongue. Suddenly, I become very self conscious of the fact that I am literally shoving food in my mouth. When I glance up, however, I am comforted. Seeing Volstagg piling more and more food on his plate makes me feel less like a pig.
	"He's not used to having a plate," Fandral says.
	"What do you mean?" I ask
	"Volstagg is naturally inclined to just eat off the serving tray," Sif says, laughing.
	Volstagg lets out a loud laugh. "This is true."
	"He is also inclined to never stop eating," Thor says with a smile.
	"Oh come now!" Volstagg cries defensively.
	"When?" Fandral asks, mocking disbelief.
	Sif laughs. "I think the only time he does not have food in his mouth is when he's sleeping."
	At this they all erupt into laughter, including Hogun.
	I don't find it that funny, but I laugh along anyway.
	They all continue to eat, laughing and talking about stuff I have never heard of. Then Thor looks down at my plate.
	"Did you not enjoy the bird?" he asks, taking a long drink of some form of alcohol.
	"Well...um...not really."
	"You can have any kind of meat you like. We must have enough to keep Volstagg satisfied so, as you can see, there is no shortage." He laughs.
	"Thanks, but it's not that I don't like it...I...uh...I just don't really eat meat."
	Silence falls and Volstagg gasps.
	Here we go.
	"What do you mean?" Thor asks, clearly confused.
	"On Earth, er, Midgard, we have this thing called vegetarianism. It means you don't eat meat."
	"Are all Midgardians forced to take part in this custom?" Volstagg asks, astonished.
	"We aren't forced, and not everyone is a vegetarian," I say. "Just some."
	Everyone but Frigga stares at me in utter shock and silence. Instead of looking at me like I grew a second head, the Queen waves over one of the staff. He comes over and crosses his arm over his chest politely.
	"Could you get our guest a different plate, preferably one with no meat?"
	He gives me a weird look, but nods and goes around the table to pick up my plate and walks away.
	"Are there any more...abnormal customs that the people of your realm practice?" Fandral asks.
	"I don't know about abnormal, but...um...we get driver's licenses. I don't know if that counts as-"
	"Does this license privilege you with the right to ride a horse?" Lady Sif asks. Everyone has mirrored looks of confusion on their faces. Even the Allfather's single eyebrow is furrowed.
	I laugh. "No. It allows you to drive a car without any parental guidance."
	"A car?" Thor asks.
	I nod. I'm beginning to wish I hadn't brought any of this up. "Yeah. A car is a big metal compartment thingy that is able to move on wheels."
	"So it is a Midgardian version of a carriage?" Fandral asks.
	"Yes, just without the horses."
	"Then how does it move?" Frigga says. "Does another animal pull it?"
	Thor chuckles. He’s been to Earth, he knows what I’m talking about. Why aren’t you helping!?
	"No," I pause trying to think of a way to describe a car without creating more questions. "It runs using an engine. It's supplied with gas which enables it to power the car. I don't know the details really, but that's the Cars for Dummies version, I guess." This reference goes right over their heads, but that's probably a good thing seeing as I called a bunch of Norse gods dummies. "Maybe I could give you all a ride when I get back home."
	"That would surely be enjoyable," Fandral says, smiling at me. I roll my eyes then look back at Odin.
	"Speaking of Earth...when will I be able to go home? It's nice here and all, but I have an English paper and a job to get back to and my mom was gonna pick me up this weekend and if I'm not there, she'll freak." And I just want to get back to what's normal.
	Again, silence falls, but this time, instead of it being riddled with confusion, it's more of the we-have-some-bad-news type silence. Frigga glances at her husband, brow furrowed.
	"What?" I ask. My stomach does a nervous flip.
	No one answers so I look at Thor.
	"What? I can tell something's wrong."
	"We were going to wait until tomorrow to inform you," he begins slowly.
	"Inform me of what?" I can feel queasiness coming on.
	"When the Dark Elves forced open the Bifrost's portal, it was damaged," Frigga starts. "The Bifrost itself is intact, but the portal is not opening."
	"What does that mean?" I already know the answer.
	"It means," Thor says, "that there is no longer a functioning portal to Midgard."
	"So I can't go home?"
	"No."
	"But you can fix it, can't you? You guys have magic. You're gods. You have a magic hammer thing!" I insist.
	"I am afraid that we cannot," he says. "After Malekith left, we tried to open it, but to no avail. Heimdall is having trouble seeing anything on Midgard, or anywhere else in the Nine Realms, for that matter. This has never happened before."
	"Will you ever be able to fix it?"
	He looks down and shakes his head. "I do not know, Lady Freya. I am so-"
	"Doesn't Loki have magic?" I ask. Frigga nods. "Then he can help open it, right? If he's got magic and other people have magic then you can open it together, right?"
	No one says anything.
	"Riiiiiiight?" The panic that had enveloped me when I had awakened in the infirmary threatens to overwhelm me again.
	"I suppose you are correct, but I do not believe Loki will want to help," Odin says.
	"Why?" I demand. "If it's because he's stuck in the dungeons again, I can see where he's coming from. I wouldn't want to help the people who randomly lock me up after I helped save someone's life, either."
	"That, child, is not the reason."
	"Then what is?"
	"I do not think that Malekith had the power to close the portal in this way," Odin says. I glance at Thor then at Frigga. She looks tense and upset as she tries to not glare at Odin. "To close the portal and seal off Heimdall's sight, it would take very powerful dark magic which the Dark Elf does not possess, at least not alone. Therefore I have come to the conclusion that it was Loki who closed the portal after he brought you to Eir to be healed."
	Frigga and I both stand up almost simultaneously.
	"He did not-" Frigga starts, but I cut her off. I have broken all of Lifa's manner rules.
	"But he saved me. How did he have time to close it without people noticing his absence? He couldn't have-"
	"Why do you defend him in this way?" Odin asks calmly.
	"I don't know, I mean, he saved me and...he..." I trail off, not knowing anything else to say in Loki's defense.
	"I do not know when it occurred, or how they did it, but I know it was my adoptive son and that elf who closed the portal. In an hour's time, Loki is to be brought in for interrogation."
	Thanks to Odin, the urge to thank the God of Mischief has left me.
	"Can I go see him beforehand?" I ask. "I want to talk to him."
	"I cannot allow that," Odin says. "He is dangerous and manipulative. No one is allowed to see him until after the interrogation. I do not want him getting into anyone's head, convincing them to help him. He has done it before."
	"But-"
	"No. I do not want you speaking to Loki until after I get the information out of him."
	I need to know how he broke the portal and how to fix it. I won't be trapped here, and if Loki is my only way out, then I will get his help.
	I yank my shoes off then start walking towards the exit.
	"Lady Freya!" Thor calls.
	I don't stop.
	A chair scrapes lightly across the metal and then I hear Thor jogging up behind me.
	"Where are you going?"
	"To talk to Loki," I say.
	"No!" Odin gets up too.
	"My love, just let her go," Frigga says. "If she needs answers, so be it."
	"No, Frigga, I have already—"
	"I will take her, if she wishes to see Loki," Thor interrupts. "I will let no harm come to her. We will leave if he grows intolerable."
	Before Thor even finishes, I am opening the door and walking down the hallway.

* * *

	We walk in silence through corridors and down stair cases, gradually making our way further and further into the depths of the castle. (I don't get how people know where they're going in this place. Every single hallway looks like the last; gold floors, high ceilings, walls with the occasional window or door or majestic tapestry.) I look into a room as we pass and see a giant throne sitting on a raised platform with stairs leading up to in. In front of the platform are rows and rows of chairs.
	Finally, we walk down one last stair case and stop in front of a pair of doors. Two guards stand ready to fight anyone who tries to enter without permission and right now, that's us.
	"Stop," one of them says.
	"Who are you here to see?" asks the other.
	"My brother."
	"You are not permitted entry," the first one says. "Allfather's orders."
	"He gave me permission," Thor says. "And Lady Freya as well."
	The guards exchange glances then look back at us.
	"Very well," guard number two says. They step aside and pull the doors open.
	Thor walks in and I follow a couple of steps behind.
	As we get closer to the end of the long room, I see a man with shoulder length black hair sitting against a pillar, only a few inches away from glimmering electricity. His back is totally straight and his legs are crossed. It's not until we stop in front of him that I see his head is bent over a book.
	"Loki," Thor starts.
	The man looks up, a smile fades from his mouth and is replaced with a sly smirk.
	"This is the third time you have come to see me, brother. Are you missing my company?" Loki says, standing up. He looks at me, scanning the length of my body with curious eyes that shift from blue to a dark green. "You clean up well."
	I don't say anything. He raises an eyebrow and tilts his head slightly, showing off his perfect cheek bones.
	"That was a compliment."
	"Yeah, I know," I say.
	He continues to gaze at me for a moment, his eyes narrow briefly, then he looks back at Thor. "Have you come to interrogate me, or merely gloat?"
	"Neither. Freya wishes to speak to you regarding past events, all of which, unsurprisingly, involve you," Thor says, placing his hand on my shoulder.
	"Tell me, what exactly are these events?" he asks, looking at me again. He leans forward, so close to the wall of golden electricity that he must be able to feel the static.
	"Okay, well, ah..." I pause as I try to think of a good way to start the interrogation.
	Loki raises an eyebrow at me and I glare at him.
	Stop. Your perfect face is slightly distracting.
	He chuckles, straightens, then carefully clasps his hands behind his back.
	Can he tell what I'm thinking?
	As if in response, Loki nods. I stiffen and he lets out another short laugh.
	"Since you are having some trouble beginning, I suppose I will have to ask you the questions." He begins to pace. "I assume this has something to do with New York or me saving you. Or both, more likely. I am still waiting for you to thank me for my chivalrous act, by the way."
	I laugh when he says this. "I am not thanking you." Loki rolls his eyes and it fuels my anger. "You tried to take over my planet and become the owner of the free world, you sent aliens to destroy the city of New York, you kinda killed a lot of people and you sent two of my professors and my friend to the hospital!"
	"I am very sorry to hear that," he says seriously.
	"No, you aren't."
	"You are quite right, I do not care about the puny lives of mortals. But, in my defense, I was merely searching for a relic...and the Avengers, or whatever that silly name you call them is, helped to destroy the city."
	"A relic, my butt, and don't go pinning this on other people!" I say. "You are totally at fault here."
	Loki open his mouth to retort but I cut him off, "Then, on top of that, you decide to ruin my life even more after you saved me."
	"Explain how I ruined your life any more than I already have. I seem to be unable to recall what I did to you personally that was anything but hospitable."
	I curl my fingers into a fist, feeling my nails dig into my palms, and close my eyes. When I open them again, I say, "Loki, I know you're lying."
	"About what? Do enlighten me."
	"You helped Malekith close the Bifrost's portal and made it so Heimdall can't see anything. And you helped him even though you saved me. Is this part of the plan? Keep me trapped here until Malekith has a use for me?"
	Loki regards me quietly.
	"You said the Bifrost is closed?"
	"Yes. But you already know—"
	"I had nothing to do with this."
	"You had everything to do with this!" I cry.
	Loki turns away from me and looks to his brother. "Thor, explain what this Midgardian wench is saying."
	"You can't just call someone a wench!"
	Loki ignores me.
	"After the Dark Elves left, somehow the Bifrost's portal was blocked, as was Heimdall's Sight. The Bifrost itself is perfectly intact. Father believes it was the doing of very powerful dark magic. He believes it was you," Thor says.
	"This is Odin's accusation?" the God of Mischief asks.
	"Yes."
	"He believes it was me."
	"Yes."
	"That old fool," Loki murmurs.
	"Are you saying it wasn't you, then?" I ask.
	"That is precisely what I am saying, mortal. Good for you to catch up."
	"Then why would Odin automatically assume it was you?"
	"Because to him I am a monster, a malfunctioning tool for which there is no use. He doesn't care for me, he keeps me locked away in a damp, filthy dungeon so he doesn't have the misfortune of looking at me. I believe it has to do with the events on your planet."
	A door I hadn't noticed bangs open and two guards walk out, dragging something behind them. They walk to an empty cell and pull the thing up the stairs leading into the chamber. When the guards get to the middle of the cell, they lower the thing to the ground. It's a Dark Elf. And it looks dead.
	I watch in horror as the guards walk away and I can see the body clearly. What used to be the elf's shirt lies around him in strips and tatters, the white material soaked through with dark red blood. His body is cut and bruised and through the holes in his clothes you can easily see long red marks that look like whip lashes. The lashes run up and down his arms, his legs, his back, his neck. In some places he was hit so hard that it looks like the skin is no longer there.
	"Oh my god," I breath.
	"Odin wants information," Loki replies to the question I didn't ask.
	"You mean he did that?" A fleeting pang of sympathy for the elf runs through me.
	"That is indeed what I mean. And due to recent events, I am willing to assume that I am next." Something flickers through the god's eyes. Was it fear?
	"But it had to be you. You're the only one with enough magic to do that, right?" I ask, looking at Thor who has been strangely quiet through all this.
	"My dear girl, do you not believe me?" he asks.
	"No, not particularly."
	"I suppose that was to be expected," he murmurs, turning away from me to look at the broken elf who is now moaning softly. Without looking at me, Loki whispers, so quietly I have to strain to hear him, "I did try to take over your realm, I did willingly kill any mortals who were or were not in my way, I did save you from Malekith the Accursed, and I can assure you I did not cut off the portal to Midgard."
	Almost as soon as he says this, two guards walk over to Loki's cell, deactivate the force field and attach a cuff to his arm. Then they drag him down the steps.
	"It is time we take our leave," Thor says. He places a hand on my back and together we walk towards the door.
	I glance behind me briefly and see Loki looking over his own shoulder, watching me as he is pulled through the door. It bangs shut and I follow Thor out of the dungeons and back up the steps, leaving Loki to whatever punishment is about to befall him.












Chapter 5

	I sit at a small wooden table, half asleep, eating breakfast.  Next to me, Lifa sits with her head buried in her arms, breathing softly.  I'm pretty sure she's been asleep since we got to her family's small home.  Lifa and her family live in a small, secluded part of the castle and were hired to help and live here when their house was burned down by barbarians.  Now they live in the castle with the other people who work here.  Her mother is one of the many cooks and her father is a carpenter.  Her two older brothers help her mother and father and the youngest goes to lessons with other small Asgardian children.
	For the past three mornings, the girl has taken to waking me up at the crack of dawn to show me around Asgard.  She knocks on my door until I open it and when I do, she says something along the lines of, "Lady Freya!  We are going on an adventure!" which is normally followed with my sleepy, "Just Freya," and the image of Bilbo Baggins running with a map flying behind him forming in my mind.  Once I am fully dressed, we set out down a hallway.  This usually ends with us walking in whatever direction has the best smelling food.
	On my first full day here, Thor had sentenced me to my bed, insisting that I needed to heal and rest and regain my strength and all that jazz.  I resisted and told him I was fine, but in the end he won and I curled up with my sketch book and a novel in front of the fireplace for the majority of the day.  The next day, yesterday, Thor had promised to give me the grand tour of the palace and its grounds.  Just as we were walking out of my room, a guard rushed over, saying something about Malekith and the Bifrost and how Odin had scheduled an emergency meeting (I was not invited, and I'm getting the sense that he does not like me very much after my actions at dinner) and Thor needed to be there.  I asked Thor to tell me anything that happened or if they figured out what happened to the Bifrost—since everything kinda started with me—but he didn't and hasn't.  So yesterday Lifa and I spent the day scouring my room for any secrets and ended up finding out that one of the windows opens onto a balcony, where stairs lead down to a large garden.  We spent the rest of yesterday wandering among the flowers and trees.  
	"When is Thor gonna showya 'round?" Lifa murmurs sleepily.
	"I dunno." I poke at one of the berries floating in the creamy broth of my...breakfast soup.  "He said he'd be here—"
	"Lady Freya!  Are you ready for me to give you the most marvelous of tours?" Thor's voice finds us before the door even opens.  When it does, it slams against the wall and he walks in, claps one of the cooks on the back and says good morning to everyone he passes.
	"My dear Lifa.  How fare you?"  The god smiles.
	"I am very sleepy," Lifa says, laughing.
	"So I see."  Thor strokes her blonde hair.  "Go back to sleep.  I'm sure this wooden surface makes the softest of pillows."  
	"Maybe if you didn't wake me up before the sun..."  I shoot Lifa a pointed glance.  She sticks her tongue out at me before laying her head back down.
	"There is much to see, Lady Freya!  It is best to begin early, lest we miss seeing something of great importance!"
	"Well."  I get up.  "Let's hit the road."
	I wave bye to Lifa, who mumbles something in return, then Thor and I walk out.  As we wander down a golden corridor, Thor's eyes never leave my face.  
	I look at him.  "What?"
	"Why would one...hit a road?"  His eyebrows knit together.  
	I smile at him and he gets more confused.  "It's just a saying.  On Midgard.  'Let's hit the road.'  It means something like 'let's get going' or 'let's leave.'"
	Thor nods.  "I see.  Very odd, but I suppose it makes some sense."
	I smile at him, glad I'm making 'some sense.'
	"Where are we going, anyway?" I ask after a while.  We go through a doorway and stop in front of a spiral stair case.  It's all made of gold and the light that never leaves illuminates the room, bathing the walls in a warm golden luster.  Small stain glass windows are built into the wall and add purples, blues and green rays of light to the gold.
	"We shall start the tour from the top most point of Asgard!" Thor says, pointing up.  "Now, let us, uh, hit the road!"
	I roll my eyes then follow him as he begins to walk again.
	Minutes pass in silence, the only sound the thumping of our feet up the stairs.  As we pass the twentieth window, I notice the faint howling of wind as it blows past the tower.  We pass the twenty-third window.  Then the twenty-fourth.  Then the twenty-sixth and before I know it, I've counted up to forty-seven.  The tower sways slightly in the buffets of wind, tipping an inch or so to the left then back in the opposite direction.
	"We really don't have to go all the way up, Thor.  I'm okay with stopping here," I say, trying to disguise my heavy breathing.  I press my hand to the wall and smile tightly up at him.
	"But, Lady Freya, we are almost to the top!  Just through that door."  He motions to a door about five yards straight up.  Thank the gods I didn't wear high heals today.
	I sigh.  "Fine."
	Thor offers me his arm and I link mine through it, leaning against him slightly.  We continue up and finally, after a few minutes more, we are at the door.  Thor swings it open and instantly we are hit with a strong gust of wind.  
	"The wind is quite savage up here, so watch your step," he says.
	I nod and walk on to the balcony.  The view takes my breath away.  Or it could be that the wind is blowing about fifty miles an hour up here, but whatever.  It's not like I need to breath or anything.  Once I pull the dark brown tendrils that are my hair out of my face, I walk to the edge of the railing, careful not to lose my balance once I'm there.  Looking straight down, I see more castle spreading out before me.  Looking out, I can see everything; the sea that floats and falls into the nothingness of space; the large forest; the Bifrost and the Rainbow Bridge; even some distant villages.
	I brace myself against the golden railing and carefully let go, spreading my arms out like I could jump off and fly.  Closing my eyes, I feel like I actually could.  If I just got higher, just a little higher.... Something tingles and burns inside me, the same sensation I had when Malekith was sticking me with needles.
	"Lady Freya!" Thor cries, his voice sounds shocked and afraid.
	The burning grows more intense.  What did the Dark Elves put in me?  
	There's a whooshing sensation—that's the only way to describe it—and I wobble.  My eyes snap open and I find that I am standing precariously on top of the railing and I have no memory of climbing up!
	Thor grabs me around the waist and pulls me off.  He sets me down next to him and looks at me, his face is pale and his golden blond hair blowing around his in the air and tangling itself.
	"What in Odin's name were you doing?" he asks, keeping a hand on my back.  
	"I..." I trail off and shrug.  I wanted to fly sounds too stupid.
	"Let's continue the rest of the tour," he murmurs and hurries off the balcony.  He keeps his arm around my waist and doesn't let me go until the door is closed tightly behind us.
	"Sorry," I mutter.
	"It is no matter.  I was just...worried.  How did you..."
	"I don't know," I say slowly.  "I was just standing there thinking that it felt like I was flying and then I was on top of the railing. There was this weird burning in my chest and it felt like it did when Malekith was injecting me with poison.  D-do you think he did something to me?"
	"I do not know.  Do you wish to see Eir?  I am sure she can help you."  Thor regards me with soft eyes.
	I shake my head.  "Not now.  I want to finish the tour."
	He nods, scowling at nothing in particular.  "Very well, then."
	Thor nods once more then he loops his arm through mine, flashes me a smile and leads me back down the stairs.  Sometime later, we finally reach the bottom and Thor and I walk down a long hallway.  There's been a lot of those.
	"At that end is the throne room, which you saw on your first night here.  Over this way," we turn right, walking into a slightly wider hallway with large windows on either side, "is the entrance that leads to the Rainbow Bridge."
	I look out the windows and, sure enough, I can see the Bifrost and the glimmering bridge.  A minute later, Thor turns me around and we walk back out.  
	The tour continues, breaking for lunch, and afterward Frigga decides to join us.  We walk past residence rooms, Thor pointing out his, Sif's, Volstagg's and Fandral's.  I am tempted to ask where Loki used to sleep but decide against it.  My room, Frigga tells me, is in a part of the castle dedicated to guests of great importance.  Aw, thanks.
	When we round a corner, the sound of feet thumping on metal makes its way to us and a minute later Volstagg, Hogun, Sif and Fandral turn into the hallway.
	"What is it?" Thor asks instantly, taking in their worried faces.
	"It's Heimdall," Volstagg says.
	"What?  Tell me."
	"He thinks he has found something," Fandral says.  He winks at me and I wrinkle my nose.
	"Or...well...somewhat.  His Sight is still clouded, but he thinks that...um...." Sif stops, glances at me then purses her lips.  She steps closer to Thor and whispers something to him.  His eyes widen and he nods.
	"I will come at once.  Mother, can you continue Lady Freya's tour?"
	Frigga forces her lips into a smile and says, "Certainly.  Go now; Odin must surely need you immediately."
	"Wait, what's going on?  Is this about the portal breaking?" I ask.
	Thor doesn't answer me right away, which answers my question.  
	"There is no need to worry," he starts slowly. "My father will have it all sorted out soon, so you—"
	"Can I come?  I'm just as mixed up in this as you guys are.  More so, in fact."  
	"I am sorry, but at the moment the Allfather only wishes to see Thor," Sif says.
	"Please?"  I chew my bottom lip absentmindedly, glancing between the six of them and waiting for a response, but I never get one.  I glare at them, trying to figure out what they're hiding from me, but after a minute I haven't gotten any closer to reading their minds.
	"Okay, fine, whatever.  Just tell me if the portal's fixed," I say, then follow it up with a low, "Which is probably asking too much."
	"I will definitely inform you of the portal's well being, only if you promise to go to Eir once my mother finishes your tour of the palace," Thor says.
	"Sure."
	Thor raises his eyebrows.
	"Fine. I promise I'll go to Eir."
	When Thor went off to his first emergency meeting, I asked the same question and he gave me the same answer.  He never told me anything that time, and I'm willing to bet he won't tell me anything this time either.
	Thor smiles at me, then the five of them turn and dart off, leaving me and Frigga staring after them.
	"Shall we continue?" Frigga asks.  
	I nod and we continue down the hallway, then take a quick left.  We walk past some doors and windows, nothing exciting.  A woman passes us.  She walks briskly, holding a bucket full of water, and grimaces when it sloshes near the edge.  Two children run toward us, then around us, kicking some sort of ball between them.  I bet they'd love soccer.
	"So..." I start, wanting to break the awkward silence that has been building between us since Thor left.  "My Queen, what exactly is going on?  I haven't heard anything and this is the second time Thor has disappeared, so I know something's going on."
	"Much like you, my child, I have not been included in the meetings.  Even though that is the case, I have heard a little of what transpired in the first one," she says.  Three people pass us and she nods politely at them.  Each one places a closed fist over their heart when they see the Queen.  Once they are behind us, she continues. "Heimdall's Sight returned during your first day here, but only briefly.  They still do not know why."
	"What is his Sight?" I ask.  We pass a door way and I look into the room.  Two toddlers peek their heads out at me.  I give them a little wave and they squeal and run farther into the room.  I hear small giggles accompanying the squeals and I smile, reminded of my young cousins.
	"Sight grants a person the ability to see anywhere in the whole Nine Realms.  He can see everything and anyone as long as they or it are not protected by magic greater than his Sight.  It also allows him to see some way into the future.  He is able to map out different events that could happen if one person changed one article of clothing, one change in step, one blink of the eye.  The magic blocking the portal is only blocking the Bifrost and the portal, therefore Heimdall can still see Asgard."    
	"What if he leaves the Bifrost?  Can't he see the realms then?"  Hope bubbles in my chest, but the smarter, less naive part of me realizes that this is a world full of gods.  Obviously Heimdall would have enough sense to try walking out of the giant golden orb.  
	"Sadly, no."  The hope bubble pops.  "Because the Bifrost's portal allows you to go anywhere in the Nine Realms, it is also the only way for him to see anywhere in the Nine Realms.  He can still see into the future, but not as clearly. The magic has somehow blocked his Sight even when he has left the Bifrost.  The only thing he can see clearly is Asgard.  That is all."
	"That means he can see if Malekith enters Asgard, he just won't know when."  
	She nods.  "Luckily, the magic has left him able to see the whole of Asgard."
	"Good."  I take a deep breath, pushing away the memories from my brief moments of consciousness on the elf's ship.
	The Queen smiles.  "Do not worry, Freya.  We will not let anything harm you while on Asgard — or anywhere, for that matter."  She touches my cheek gently and raises my face so that I look into her eyes.  Crows feet crinkle at the corners of her eyes.  "I promise we will do everything in our power to protect you from Malekith and anything he tries to do to you."
	I smile back at her, feeling tears of relief prickling at my eyes.  I open my mouth to thank her but she stiffens.  We've stopped walking and are standing a little ways from the stairs that lead to the dungeons.  The Queen's face is growing pale, but in her eyes I see worry.
	"What?  What's wrong?"
	Frigga closes her eyes tightly and tilts her head as if she's trying to hear a faint, far off sound.  I listen too; for what, I do not know.  A second passes, then another, and then I hear something.  A small thwack! followed by something that could pass as a moan.  It's so quiet, I'm convinced I imagined it.
	"What?" I repeat, this time in a whisper.  Frigga walks to the top of the staircase and grips the railing.  "What is it?  Is something wrong?"  
	I follower her and watch, confused, as her eyes harden with anger.  I begin to hesitantly repeat my question yet again, but before I can get out so much as a 'what,' Frigga whispers something and rushes down the stairs, sprinting towards the dungeon doors.  Although her whisper was almost unintelligible, I could still make it out: Loki.





















Chapter 6

	"What?" I cry as I watch her practically fly down the steps.  "What do you mean, 'Loki'?  What's going on!?"  I run after her.  
	When I get to the bottom, the Queen is standing in front of the doors, arguing with a guard.  She is holding the man by the shoulders.
	"I am his mother!" she yells, shaking him roughly.  "You let me in to see him.  I want to see him, I need to see him.  Let me in NOW!" 
	"M-m'lady, we were given specific orders from the Allfather not to let anyone in, even you.  E-especially you...  I am sorry."  The guard cringes, ready for the Queen's wrath, but it does not come.  Instead Frigga drops her hands to her sides and turns away briefly, wiping away an angry tear.  When she turns back, she is serious and calm.  If she is still angry, she's hiding it well.  
	"I will deal with Odin.  I will not let his punishment befall you.  You have my word.  Just please let me in."  Her voice cracks at the end.
	I walk closer to them and watch as the guard looks to the one standing on the other side of the door.  The second one, looking extremely smug and relieved he wasn't confronted, shrugs uselessly.  The first guard, who Thor had to convince to let us in, fidgets nervously.  
	"Just open it, Numero Uno," I mutter, receiving an odd glance from all three.  Asgardians do not know Spanish.
	After shaking his head at me, the guard nods and smiles weakly at the Queen.  He reaches for the handle and begins to pull the large door open.  Frigga sighs impatiently, knotting her shaking fingers into fists, blinking multiple times.  When I look at her, I see her eyes glistening with unshed tears.  But behind the tears I see the hard, fiery eyes of a mother who knows her baby has been hurt.
	Finally, the door is open wide enough for us to slip through and I follow close behind as Frigga sprints to her son's cell.  We stop and I follow her gaze to the two guards lowering the limp body of a man to the floor.  They turn, see Frigga glaring at them, stiffen and hurry down out of the cell.
	Frigga walks up the stairs and over to Loki who is lying on his side next to the day bed.  I follow and stand a little ways away, staring at his wounded body.  Loki's hair is matted with dried blood and sticks to his face and neck, which are both shining with sweat; a metal muzzle covers his mouth, muting him.  
	"Loki," Frigga whispers.  "My son, I am here."  A tear drips off her chin and splashes on his cheek.  His eyes fly open and he flails, trying to push himself away from Frigga before he realizes who it is.  "Loki!  It is alright, it is just me.  Loki, you are safe."  She takes one of his hands in hers and holds it to her chest.
	He focuses his eyes on her and nods, his chest rising and falling with ragged breaths.  The hand that isn't held in his mother's touches the metal covering his mouth and pulls at it weakly.  He glares at me and points at it.
	"Freya, help me sit him up.  I need to remove his shirt to inspect his wounds.  And please try to remove this."  She motions to the muzzle.
	I kneel down next to him and together Frigga and I help him sit up.  Loki continues to watch me with slitted eyes.  His eyes search mine and they look sad and pathetic, no signs of the cockiness that comes with successfully lying.  He breaks into my thoughts by snapping his slender fingers in my face.  He points at the metal contraption again.
	"Okay... sorry. Calm yourself."  I push some of his hair out of the way, holding it back with one hand, and peer at the metal.  I find two little clasps and pull at them, gently at first, then harder when I realize they don't want to budge.  Loki grabs my wrist, glaring daggers.  He takes my hand and leans forward, pulls more hair away from his neck and shoves my palm against the metal.  There's a soft click and the clasps unlock themselves.
	Loki pulls the metal away from his face and tosses it into the corridor, a look of disgust on his face.
	"Next time you wish to remove something from my body, it is best to ask how to do it," he hisses.
	"Don't worry, that's the only thing I'm gonna remove from your body," I mutter.  I fold my legs underneath me and sit with my dress flared around me.
	"Loki," Frigga says.  "I need to heal any hidden wounds.  Where do you hurt the most?"
	"My chest," Loki murmurs.  He removes his shirt and drops it on the floor.  His bare chest is riddled with bruises and small cuts that have already begun to heal.  Thankfully it is not as gruesome as what was done to the Dark Elf.
	Frigga closes her eyes and her hands begin to glow with a pulsing blue light.  Whatever she is doing must hurt because Loki hisses and flinches away.
	"Mother!" he says through clenched teeth.
	"Loki, you have three broken rips and two bruised ones.  Healing broken bones is a painful process but once I am through, you will feel much better," the Queen says sternly.
	"Then please make it quick."  Loki closes his eyes and winces slightly as Frigga gets back to work.  
	Suddenly, Loki's hand flies out and grabs mine.  I allow him to use my hand as a stress ball until his grip threatens to cut off the circulation to my finger tips.  I begin to talk, acutely aware of his hand still wrapped around mine, and his grip loosens as he focuses his eyes on me.
	"One time I got this cut and my mom had to stitch it up and we didn't have any pain relievers in the house or numbing stuff so we had to use a crap load of ice," I say.  Loki's eyes narrow and he frowns at me. "So she got out a needle and some thread she brought home from her office—she's a doctor—and held ice to my leg for two minutes until it burned because it was so cold—" Loki squeezes my hand as Frigga heals a particularly painful spot "—and then she started to sew it back up.  It hurt like hell!  She told me how sometimes if you squeeze something it helps take your mind off of the more painful thing.  She also said that I should think about something I love in gruesome detail, so, because I was eight, I thought about my favorite ice cream flavors and squeezed a stress ball as hard as I could."
	"I am not in the mood for Midgardian stories.  So, if you could save me the trouble of listening to your bothersome voice and shut up, it would be most welcome," Loki says, regarding me coldly.  He glances down at our hands and pulls his away with a hiss of disgust.
	"Oh, riiiight," I say, ignoring him.  "You don't know what ice cream is.  I'll tell you.  Ice cream is frozen milk that you put sugar and vanilla in, or chocolate or peanut butter or mint, or any flavor really.  It's really good."
	"Did I not make myself clear?" Loki leans forward and grabs my arm.   "I do not care about your petty mortal practices, nor do I care about your mother's advice.  Why, in all the Nine Realms, are you telling me this?"
	"I was taking your attention away from the pain using my stupid stories," I say, smiling.  "Apparently it worked."
	He frowns at me then glances at his mother, who sits with her hands in her lap, the trace of a smile on her face.
	"No 'thank you?'"
	"Your help was...appreciated."
	"Yay!" I cry.  "You've leveled up!"
	"What?"
	"Nothing.  Never mind."  I smirk at him.
	"Is that an insult?"
	I laugh.  "No.  It's a reference to video games.  You wouldn't know what I'm talking about."
	Loki opens his mouth but Frigga interjects.  "Loki, your ribs are healed, so get up."
	He stands, looking like a pouty toddler.
	"Well?" I ask as I extend my hand towards him.  "Aren't you going to be a gentleman?"
	He arches an eyebrow.  
	"No?" I stand up.  "Fine.  
	Loki rolls his eyes.
	Frigga sighs, takes his face tenderly in her hands and kisses his forehead.  She pulls him into a hug and he whispers something.  His mother nods and he wraps his arms around her smaller frame.  They stand there, locked in a tight embrace, but Loki is the first to let his arms fall to his sides.
	"I love you, Loki," Frigga says, touching his face fleetingly.  Then she turns and descends the steps.  I follow her down and wait as she reactivates the electric field.  Loki watches us turn and walk back to the two doors.  Guard number one opens the door and we walk out.
	"Thank you, number one."
	"I beg your pardon, m'lady?" he asks.
	I stop, looking up into his face.  The hair that sticks out of his helmet is dirty blonde and stubble covers his cheeks and chin.  "I haven't had the chance to ask your name."
	"Ah, I see.  I am Hagen, Son of Fell, and he is Jolgeir Arenson."
	"Well, it's nice to meet you, Hagen.  I'm Freya Ericsson."  I stick my hand out and Hagen just stares at it.
	"Oh...uh... Sorry.  There's this thing on Ear—on Midgard where you shake hands when you meet someone."  I slowly lower my hand.
	Hagen grunts, nods, then says.  "That seems very unsanitary."
	"It probably is," I say, following it up with a low, "Has everyone here made a secret pact to criticize every aspect of my world?"
	"M'lady, I apologize.  I meant no disrespect!"  He holds out his hand toward me and glances at me awkwardly.  I take it and give it a firm shake.  
	"This is very, er, ah—"
	"Midgardian is a good word for it," I say, smiling.  Hagen nods, smiling back and Jolgeir grunts something that sounds vaguely like 'leave.'  
	"Bye, Hagen."  I give him a two fingered salute then follow Frigga to the steps, waving bye to Jolgier over my shoulder.
	We walk in silence, heading toward my room.  I take this time to try to get over my annoyed feelings toward Loki.  I guess I feel a little bit bad for him.  Kinda.  He looked extremely hurt.  
	But he was still a jerk.
	"Frigga—I mean, my Queen, Loki didn't close the portal," I murmur.
	"No, I do not believe he did either."  Frigga looks at me curiously.  "What makes you think so?"
	"It's just, I just imagine he'd look more smug after refusing to tell the Allfather anything.  He looked too defeated, I guess."
	"That is very true.  Odin did not get any information at all out of him."
	Someone hurries past us, heading towards the throne room.
	I turn my attention back to the Queen.  "Then why is he still locked up?"
	"Odin has his mind set that it was Loki who closed the portal and when he has his mind set on something he is not easily swayed.  Just because Loki did not tell him what he wanted to hear does not mean my husband will stop trying to get it out of him."  Frigga looks sad when she says this.
	We come to a stop in front of my bedroom door.  Frigga turns away from me and wipes her cheeks.
	"I'm sorry," I say.  For the portal closing, for me putting Asgard in Malekith's radar, for Odin locking her son up, for her son being a jerk.
	Frigga turns back to me.  "I am, as well.  You were right before.  Loki's past and being continuously locked up has taken all the kindness out of him, I fear.  Or at least all the kindness close to the surface."
	I don't say anything, and Frigga smiles weakly.
	"Though I suppose you would not agree.  What he has done has caused many people to not see anything but cruelty in him."
	"No...I don't know.  He attacked my home so I have a biased opinion," I say.  "But even though he did that, I don't think he closed the portal."
	"That is quite alright and very true.  I do not expect you to see anything in him.  But I should leave you to your room.  Dinner will be available to you if you desire to join us," Frigga says, smiling.
	"Thanks.  I'm very tired.  Lifa's woken me up early for the past three mornings," I laugh.
	"Come if you are up to it."  Frigga pulls me into a quick hug then walks away.
	I shoulder open the door and stand with my hand resting on the frame.  I sigh, then kick it closed.  Once the door thumps shut, I pull my dress off and toss it on the couch.  In my closet I pull out a pair of soft pants and a cotton shirt, put them on, then walk out.  I go over to my bed, pull the sheets up to the top and sit down, instantly sinking in to the mattress.  My sketch book is on the end table closest to me and I pick it up, flipping to a blank page and begin to draw.

.......................

	Thump thump.
	I look up from my picture, leaving my crudely drawn sketch of Loki wearing weird armor with an arrow in his knee and a speech bubble over his head half finished.  I toss it on the bed and swing my feet to the floor.  "Yes?  Who is it?"  
	"It is Lifa, m'lady.  I was just wondering if you were going to dinner.  It is being served as we speak."
	I get up and open the door.
	"No.  I'm okay.  Do you wanna come in though?  I could use the company," I say, swinging the door open farther.
	"If you would like me to, that would be splendid."  She walks in.  "What were you working on?"
	I pick up my sketch book and hold it out to her.
	"'I used to be kind like you, then I took an arrow to the knee,'" she reads.  "Is this Loki?  I did not know he was shot in the knee."
	"Oh, he wasn't, or at least not that I know of.  It's from this video game, an ongoing joke among its players," I say and take the book from her.
	"A video game?"
	I nod.  "Would you like me to show you?  I have some Midgardian stuff in my bag.  We can hang out and I can teach you about our strange customs."
	Lifa laughs.  "By all means."
	I grab my bag off its hook and lunge towards the bed, flopping down onto my stomach.  Lifa pulls her shoes off and sits down next to me.  I hoist myself into a sitting position and open my messenger bag.
	"So my laptop should be in here," I say, looking in the pocket.  But it's not.  "Crap!"
	"What is it?"
	"I left my laptop in Starbucks!  Freaking Malekith!  Crap!  It's probably still sitting there.  I put everything in my bag except for my laptop.  Good going, Freya, very smart."
	"Starbucks?"
	"It's a small store that sells drinks and muffins," I mutter.  I open another flap and pull out my phone.  "At least I still have this.  Wanna take a selfie?"
	"Um..."
	"A picture.  It's a stupid name for taking a picture of yourself."
	"A picture?  On there?"
	I sigh.  "I'll just show you."  I press the power button and after a couple seconds the white Apple logo appears on the screen.
	"How did you do that?  Is it some form of magic or technology?"  Lifa stares in wonder at my iPhone.
	"Technology.  It runs off of a battery that you can recharge using electricity."  The apple disappears from the screen and my apps appear in front of me.  I choose the camera and hold the phone in front of Lifa's face.
	"Smile."
	She smiles and I tap the screen to take the picture.
	"Okay.  Look."  I open the picture and hold the phone for her to see.
	"Oh my!  How is it able to capture the image?"
	"It has something to do with pixels but I don't really know, to be honest.  Come in closer.  This is what you'd call a selfie."  I get both of our faces on the screen and smile at the camera, snapping the photo.  "Ta-da!"
	"This is most peculiar," Lifa whispers, taking the phone from my hands.  
	"Yeah.  It really is, if you think about it," I say.  
	"May I try?" she asks.
	"Go ahead."  
	Lifa sticks her tongue out, taps the screen and laughs.  "This is quite fun.  Make a strange face."
	I blow up my cheeks and Lifa takes the picture then gives me the phone.  I flip through the pictures.
	"I'll save these forever," I say, then turn off the phone.  Good bye beautiful technology.
	"We must take more amusing ones later."  Lifa hops up.  "Are you hungry?"
	"Very."
	"What would you like?  I can get you anything you wish."  She pulls her shoes back on and stands, looking at me expectantly.
	"Warm bread.  Just plain warm bread and freezing cold water," I say, lying back on the covers.
	"Is that all?"
	"Yes, would you like me to come with you?"
	"No.  You finish your drawing.  I will only be a moment."  Lifa smiles and walks out.  I pick up my sketch book.  
	Ten minutes later (give or take a few) Lifa returns with a tray.  On it are two loaves of steaming bread and a pitcher and cups.  We spend the rest of the evening comparing Midgardian and Asgardian culture and phrases.  She found pre-ripped jeans and boys wearing their pants too low especially funny.  Lifa tells me what she knows about Odin and Loki's relationship when I ask, though her knowledge is limited.  She does not know exactly what happened that made Loki thirst for power, but she did say Thor had something to do with it.  Apparently Thor was banished by Odin to another realm and during the banishment, Odin went into something called the Odinsleep.  Whatever that is.  So Loki, being the only heir at that time, became King for a short while.  Something happened with creatures called Frost Giants, then Loki wasn't seen again until he invaded New York.
	"The only time he has been out of his cell since was when he saved you.  But now he is locked up again.  I've heard rumors in the kitchen that it is because he closed the portal.  Is that true?"  Lifa pulls off a hunk of bread and eats it.  "This bread was a very good idea, by the way.  I never thought to eat it plain like this."
	"Sometimes bread is all I eat for dinner," I say.  "But, yeah, the portal did close."
	"So Loki really did close it and that means we are all trapped here."  
	"It wasn't Loki," I murmur absentmindedly.  I had never stopped to think about how this affected the people of Asgard, I just selfishly thought about how it affected me.  I guess I just assumed it didn't effect them.  Malekith not only trapped me here, but he has every individual on Asgard trapped.  He must not want them going after him. 
	"Lady Freya?" Lifa says, touching my arm, snapping me out of my thoughts.
	"Sorry, sorry.  And you can just call me Freya.  The 'Lady' isn't necessary."
	"Very well...Freya.  If I may ask, what had you so lost in thought?"
	I rip away some bread and stuff the whole piece in my mouth.  Talking around the food, I say, "It wasn't really anything super fantastic."  I swallow.  "I just really want to know what Malekith wants with me and why he decided to trap everyone here instead of just me.  Oh, and Loki didn't have anything to do with the portal closing.  It was all Malekith."
	Lifa blinks.  "How...how are you so certain?"
	I think about this.  How am I so certain, really?  It's partly what I told Frigga before.   Also, part of me wants magic to help open the portal.  But is it really worth letting out someone such as Loki, who kills and doesn't regret it, just because he might be able to open the portal?
	"I don't know.  He just looked very un-Loki-like the dungeons, and I'm taking that as a sign."
	I don't really know for sure if Loki did or did not close the portal, but I'm willing to trust the minuscule part of me that trusts him.  And if the only way for me to figure out what's really going on is to let Loki out, then that's what I'm going to do.  But the only way to do that is with Odin's help, and I don't think it will be very easily won.






























Chapter 7

—if you help me I will not hurt you the voice harsh cold emotionless says; no please, my voice is far off and whimpering, a baby voice, I am not a baby but my begging says otherwise; PLEASE I don’t want to be tortured any more please, needles come towards me dripping purple blackness to the floor; then help me the voice says; NO I cry, pushing pushing away it’s face his face pushing away the needles that get closer and closer promising doom and pain and dark promising death; I don’t want to die I don’t want to die, please, I cry, please I don’t want to die; the man smiles an evil evil smile and snarls at me; I am an infant crying because I am lost and my mother is not there, I am an infant and I am helpless, I am glass and able to break and this man is about to break me to splinters that he will crush into dust; I will blow away in the wind; then help, he says, help me find it, help me find it and I will spare you for now, help me find it and I will prolong your measly life until I no longer have a use for you but only if you help me; his voice is amused, he is having fun watching me cry and break; I will let you live but only if you help me, he whispers; a hand grabs my face and pushes me back, a hand strangles me and pulls me to look into his cold cold eyes white cold eyes, no kindness there, no remorse there; please, I gasp; I try to take a breath but there is no air, there never was; I’m drowning in nothing, in space, in water that feels like air; your pleas for help do nothing girl, the man says; sharp pain in my arm in my back in my shoulder, paralyzes me and I am stuck; I can almost talk and what I say is: I will never help you, you are a monster and I will not help you ever; adrenaline pulses in my veins for an instant, only an instant enough for me to get out one last thing before my lips freeze never moving again, never moving ever, I will not help you so you can screw off and kill me if you, want I don’t care; laughing cold dark laughing, Malekith’s cold dripping laughter fills my ears full of evil and darkness and ice and black; his humorless laughter continues as stinging pain hot and sharp goes into me, flooding my body with hot red lava, electricity, something alive and dead and moving and still; then someone’s screaming and it fills me to the brim, it comes scraping up my own throat and bursting out my own mouth pushing past my teeth and it cuts and it bleeds its way out and it shreds and tears my vocal cords with poison ice and purple nothing and there’s just screaming and pain and screaming and pain and screaming—

	I bolt upright in bed with a yell. I pull the sheets I had thrown off in the night back over me and shiver. The dream swirls in my head, around and around, and my screams echo in my mind. I suck in breath after breath after breath trying to calm my heart and my shaking hands and my shuddering body. It was just a dream. Just a dream. But it felt so real, like he was here in my room.
	“Just a dream,” I say out loud, hoping to convince my heart to stop its racing. It doesn’t.
	Rays of yellow light make their way through the cracks in the curtains. Tunnels of gold and light yellow shine against my floor and walls, glinting against the marble and gold. I focus on them, still trying to keep my heart in my chest. Finally, after what feels like forever, the shaking has left me and I now feel cold and empty. I decide it’s as good a time as any to take a bath.
	Once I’ve picked out an outfit, I walk into the small bath room and turn the faucet on. Steaming hot water splashes down, instantly filling the tub. I hang my clean dress on a hook, place a towel on the floor and another close by for when I get out. I strip off my clothes and cringe as they stick to me with slimy dream-sweat. Dropping my clothes on the floor, I step into the tub and settle back in the warm water. I dip my head under and lay there until my lungs begin to get uncomfortable. Suddenly, I remember the drowning sensation from my dream and I gasp, water fills my mouth. I resurface, coughing and gaging. I grab the bar of soap from a small tray connected to the bath tub. Quickly, I begin to wash my body, then my hair and face. When all the sweat is gone, I put the soap back on the tray and lay back again.
	I close my eyes and splash water on my face, then I let the sudsy water drain before filling the tub with clean liquid warmth. When it’s filled again, I examine the bottles and small containers that are next to the soap on the tray. Three of the bottles are filled with little colored beads, purple, green and bright pink. I pick up the bottle full of purple beads and pour a few into the palm of my hand. One slips out between my fingers and plips into the water. Pieces of the bead shoot out, looking almost like fireworks, and float down to the bottom of the tub, coloring the water a pretty light purple as they go. I sprinkle the remaining beads over the water, watching as my bath water changes to a deep purple. Where the pieces of bead landed, little bubbles trail up, tickling my legs and arms before popping. I feel like I’m in a tub full of grape soda, minus the flavor.
	I sit, watching the bubbles, and let my mind slowly makes it’s way to my problems. I’m stuck in Asgard and there’s most likely no way to open the portal unless Loki gets out. But the only way to do that is to get Odin’s approval and in the last few days, I have not gotten off on the right foot with him. The bubbles pop around me for a minute longer then I get out.
	When I’ve dried off and put on the dress, I pull my hair into a loose braid and tie it off. I let the tub drain and walk back into my room. I slip my feet into some green flats and exit my sleeping quarters. It’s still early and not many people are up and moving about. I decide that’s for the best as I don’t feel like talking to anyone. After some wandering, I decide to only taking lefts so I’ll be able to get back to my room without difficulty.
	I stop walking after my fifteenth or sixteenth right (I had begun to switch directions every now and then after walking the same four hallways three times). At my thirteenth right, I had found my way to part of the castle that was neglected during my tour and I now stand in front of a room slightly smaller than the throne room. In it is a long table with maps and books and papers strewn across it. I take a tentative step inside and when I see no one else around, I walk over to the table.
	I pick up one of the papers and look at it. Words are written in a language I don’t know; I assume it’s Norse given the fact that I’m in Asgard and even with my mythology class, I was never taught how to read Norse. Most of the papers are covered in this writing save for a few that have pictures on them. I’m about to put them down when a name I recognize catches my eye. Malekith. 
	I stare at the page, squinting down at the words and trying to make out anything else that looks remotely English, but can’t. I flip the page over and as I do, a sheet slips out of my hand and flutters to the floor. Picking it up, I see the drawing of a circle with a small hole in the middle. Some words surround it with lines connecting them to the picture, all of which are in the unknown tongue. At the bottom of it I spot Loki and Malekith’s names written side by side and below them are more sentences I can’t read. 
	“Freya!” 
	I freeze.
	“What are you doing here?” Odin says from behind me.
	I spin around. Thor, Lady Sif, and the Warriors Three stand watching me. Some other people I don’t know stand behind them. Odin is glaring at me, waiting for a response, but Thor and Lady Sif look amused. 
	“I was just...uh...I was just—”
	“Bringing yourself into something you were not meant to be a part of?” Odin’s eyebrow raises.
	“No! No, I wasn’t! I just saw Loki and Malekith’s names below this circle thing and all this Norse gibberish and I want to know why. And also what this drawing is.”
	“That is none of your concern,” Odin says, regarding me calmly.
	“Does it have to do with the Bifrost’s portal and me?”
	“Yes—”
	“Then it is totally of my concern!” I cry. “Why are you hiding this stuff from me? I’m involved in all of what’s happened and I should know, don’t you think that’s fair? Because I do.” The Allfather doesn’t say anything so I continue. “I want to know why I’m here and what Malekith wants just as much as you do. And all I know so far is that you falsely accused Loki of closing the portal. That’s it, that’s all!”
	“Falsely accused him? I did no such thing! Little girl, you do not know nearly as much as you think you do. Loki is the only one who could have closed the portal, this I know for fact. I would advise you to close your mouth before you say something you will regret.” Odin stares me down and I feel the urge to flinch away, but instead I stand taller.
	“What are you gonna do? Torture me like you did your own son?” I ask, throwing the papers onto the table and taking a step towards him. “How do you even know he did close the portal? What is your reasoning?”
	“What happened to Loki,” Odin says, “was only a way to get the information I needed.”
	“That is a load of bull! That was torture! I saw what you did to the Dark Elf and then you did the same to Loki! That is torture no matter how you justify it.” 
	“Are you done defending the man who killed hundreds of your people?” Odin is calm and collected and it ticks me off.
	I take a deep breath, shuddering as fragments of my dream float through my mind. “No, I am not defending him at all, whatsoever, I’m just saying that he didn’t have anything to do with the portal closing so you tortured him for nothing. The one thing I don’t understand is why Loki got less of a punishment than the Dark Elf? It’s obviously not because he’s your son, so...why?”
	“The reason Loki did not receive as drastic a punishment as the Dark Elf was because he told me part of what I needed to know. Who closed the portal was not my only inquiry, just a part of the reason I brought him in for questioning. Now leave. I will not answer any more of your questions.” Odin flicks his hand dismissively. “Thor, please escort her back to her room.”
	“But I don’t want to go back to my room,” I say. Thor places a hand against my back and murmurs, “Freya, please. You must take your leave.”
	“If you wish to wander free at all, you should be quiet,” Odin calls as Thor tries to get me through the door.
	I whip around, pushing Thor’s arm off of me. “Are you threatening to—”
	“Lady Freya, please,” Thor says.
	“Fine,” I mutter, turning back around.
	“You must really try not to get in trouble,” Thor chuckles. 
	“I’m not trying to get myself in trouble, believe me. I just don’t get why I’m not being included in anything.” 
	“That will soon change, I believe.”
	“Will it?” I cross my arms.
	Thor sighs. “You do not have to go to your room, just do not come to this part of the castle again. Odin will not be very pleased if you do.”
	“I can only imagine.” I stop walking and Thor looks at me.
	“What is it?”
	“I want to know why he thinks Loki closed the Bifrost.”
	“If he sees you in there again, he will be very unforgiving.”
	Thor is looking me in the eye. I stare back, frown, then turn and run back to the room.
	When I enter, I see Odin hunched over looking at something with his back facing me. “What are you doing here? I told you to leave,” he says without looking up.
	“Just hear me out,” I say, raising my hands up defensively.
	“I will not ‘hear you out.’ I do not even know what that means; that phrase makes no sense. Leave. Now.” He waves his hand and two of the unknown people walk towards me. They grab my arms and begin to drag me back.
	“If you know that Loki didn’t do it, would you let him out so he can help open the portal back up?” Odin straightens. I’ve gotten his attention, whether this is good or bad remains to be seen. “He has magic and that’d probably be extremely useful! More useful than staring at a map and drawing pictures.” 
	Odin turns and raises his hand. The two men stop dragging me. “Why do you insist it was not him? How are you so certain he was not the one who closed it?”
	“I...I just know,” I mutter. 
	“You just know. That is very reassuring. I will definitely let a murderer out because you just know.” 
	“Okay, hold up.” I pull one arm out of the person’s grasp and inch away from the other. “How do you know he did, in fact, close the portal? Do you just know that, too?”
	Odin glares at me, clenches his hands, grits his teeth. I’m getting under his skin and I’m beginning to realize I might not want to be there.
	I continue anyway. “If we are both going on hunches, wouldn’t it be better to take the chance that he isn’t the one who closed it? I’m sure you have ways of watching him closely, so if he acts up, you can just toss him back in jail. But if he’s out he can help open it back up if he has the amount of magic you say he does. And if he doesn’t have enough, he can still use the magic he does have to help everyone figure this out. The more people the better and he’s not much help locked up.”
	“If I were to let him out, I would have nothing to do with anything he does,” Odin says, tapping his fingers against the table top.
	“So you’re letting him out then?” I ask hopefully.
	“No.”
	“Come ooon!” 
	“I suppose I will consider your request and tell you what I have decided in two day’s time. But until then, I do not wish to hear any more concerning the matter.” He turns back to his papers. “Now, I ask again, Thor escort her out. I have some business to discuss with you once you return.”
	Thor and I return to the hallway. “I will come by later today. Try not to get yourself into any more trouble.” He smiles at me.
	“Oh Thor, why on earth would I do that?” I mutter, patting him on the shoulder and smiling innocently up at him.
	“One can only guess.” He chuckles.
	With one last smile Thor turns and walks back to the meeting.
	And that is how I decided to try and release the murderer who may or may not have screwed my life up permanently.
	Wow. Good going me.



Chapter 8

	“Hi Hagen, hi Jolgier,” I say as I hop off the second to last step. Jolgier grunts a hello and Hagen smiles politely.
	“May I ask what brings you here, m’lady?” Hagen takes my hand and gives it a firm shake.
	“Official Allfather business.” I wiggle my eyebrows and reach for the door handle. I stop when Jolgier’s sword comes flying down and smacks against the door. “Geez! Sorry! I was joking, god...s.”
	“My apologies,” Jolgier mutters and returns to his place.
	“I was just bored and the person I normally hang out with has classes.” I plop down on the base of a pillar. “What’s up?”
	Hagen glances above him then gives me a weird look. “I do not understand. The sky? The ceiling?”
	I snort, trying not to laugh. “No, no—” I clear my throat and push down the rest of my laughter. “On Midgard we have a bunch of weird sayings. I didn’t noticed how weird they were until I came here.”
	“Oh. Well...what does ‘what’s up’ mean?” he asks. Out of the corner I see Jolgier look at me.
	Welcome to Weird Midgardian Sayings with Freya Ericsson! 
	“It means ‘what are you doing’ or ‘what’ve you been doing,’” I say. 
	Hagen nods. “I see. What other strange alternatives do Midgardians have for perfectly acceptable ways of saying things?”
	“Um... They all sound normal to me so I can’t think of any. Uh.” I think for a moment. “What do you think ‘the elephant in the room’ means?”
	“What is an elephant?” Hagen asks.
	“Oh my god,” I mutter under my breath, then louder, “It’s a type of animal. Just think of any really big creature and insert it into the phrase.”
	“Well, alright.” He frowns and stares at something off in the distance, thinking. “Does it possibly mean that there is just an abnormally large creature in a room? That makes no sense. How could you possibly get it in? Is it a large room? Does it have a large door? How—”
	“No, it’s a figure of speech. It’s not literal.” I look at Jolgier. “Do you know?”
	He shakes his head.
	“It refers to something that people don’t want to talk about. For example, people don’t talk about the portal closing when I’m around. Therefore it is the elephant in the room.” 
	“That is very odd,” Jolgier murmurs.
	“Yup. Do you guys want to learn more about Midgard or should we take it one phrase at a time?” I get up and stand in front of them, ready to be a teacher.
	“No, please. Go on.” Hagen extends a hand towards me.
	For the next two and a half hours I explain as many phrases as I can. At one point we get into politics and Hagen says how our government sounds ‘...interesting...’ and Jolgier—who actually started talking—says how it, and I quote, ‘does not seem functional.’ And I didn’t even say much about it. When I ask about this, they admit it’s because they did not want to say something that could come out against their government or belittling towards the Allfather. They must know his punishment techniques.
	We talked and laughed the whole time. Hagen and I did most of the laughing, though at one point, Jolgier let a smile slip (we’re making progress!). Within the thirty minutes leading up to the three hour mark, I have taught them about all the weird fads, like what the Harlem Shake and Gangnam Style are, and talked in extent about The Lord of the Rings. 
	Apparently the elves from the series greatly resemble the Light Elves from the realm of Alfheim, though I do not know where or what it is.
	“Lady Freya,” a guard says.
	I turn. Three guards stop at the base of the stairs.
	“The Allfather wishes to discuss something with you,” another adds.
	“Is it about my attitude?” I ask.
	The third guard shakes his head. “No. Just come with us. You will see soon enough.”
	I groan, say excuse me to Hagen and Jolgier and follow the three guards up the stairs and down the hall. Instead of going back to the meeting hall, we go to the Throne Room. Odin sits with a staff in his hand and a gold helmet on his head that matches his armor. The guards lead me to the bottom of the steps and come to a stop.
	“I have come to a decision,” says the Allfather.
	“About...?” I cross my arms. It can’t possibly be about Loki. He said two days, it’s only been three hours.
	“About Loki’s release.”
	Never mind. “That was fast.” I uncross my arms. 
	“Yes, though I am still not sure it is a good decision.” He regards me cooly before continuing. “I have decided that, if he is willing to cooperate, it will be in the best interest of Asgard to let Loki out. I do not know if he will, but please try.”
	“Okay, anything else?”
	“If he is released, he will be let out under your watch. You will be totally responsible for all he does or does not do,” he says.
	“So I’m his probation officer?”
	“If on Midgard that is what you call it, then I suppose you are.” No one here knows what I’m talking about, I think as Odin stands and motions for me to walk up the stairs. When I am standing next to him, he says, “Take this.” He holds out a metal disk the size of a quarter. “If he is to come with you, place it on his skin and activate it by touching the sensor in the center. It will impede his magic.”
	I take it and put it in the pocket of my dress.
	“Now hurry along. I do not have all day. If he is going to come with you, I want to explain everything to him quickly so this can all be over and done with.” He sits back in his chair and rests his chin on his finger tips. 
	I sigh then turn and walk back down the steps. One of the guards accompanies me out and we make our way back to the dungeon. Hagen looks at us when we approach.
	“Hello again,” I say. “I’m here on official Allfather business, and I’m not lying this time!”
	“That is very good to hear.” Hagen turns to the guard standing behind me, nodding at him politely. “Lidolv.”
	“Hagen,” the guard says, nodding back. “Lady Freya is here to speak to Loki about his release. If he comes, he will be under this girls watch from this moment on.”
	“I fear I misheard you, Lidolv. Are you saying you are trying to reason with the criminal?” Hagen’s eyes flick between us but finally settle on me. “Lady Freya, surely you are not doing this!”
	“Yes. The Allfather thinks that his magic would be able to help, with the portal, I mean,” I say.
	“V-very well, then.” Hagen opens the door for us. “Good luck.”
	The guard and I walk down the corridor. Other prisoners sneer at us, some calling out to me as we make our way to Loki’s cell. We stop in front of it and see him lying on the day bed, tossing a cup up, letting it flip through the air before he catches it. The guard places his hand on the wall near the stairs and this time only a section of the golden electricity shimmers away.
	“I have been seeing quite a lot of you since you’ve arrived here. Are you growing fond?” Loki says, not looking at me as he continues to toss and catch the cup.
	“No, definitely not, don’t get your hopes up,” I say. I enter his cell and the force field shimmers back into place behind me. No going back now.
	He looks at me, catches the cup before it hits him in the face and sits up, taking me in as I stand before him. “If you aren’t here to gaze at me, which is quite surprising, then why are you here? And make it quick, I do not enjoy your presence soiling my chambers.”	
	“I’m here to talk.” I pull a stool over and sit down, staying far enough away that if he tries anything, it would register before it’s too late.
	“What do we possibly have to talk about?” Loki places the cup on the table that sits between us and gets up, lacing his fingers behind his back. He begins to pace in front of me, looking like a cat that doesn’t know whether to keep playing with the mouse or kill it.
	“It’s more a proposal really.”
	“Concerning what?” 
	“Your release,” I say. I stand up when he stops and begins to laugh.
	“He cannot be considering this again. Why would he let me out a second time if you and Odin both think it was I who closed the portal?” I don’t answer and after a moment of silence, he slowly turns to face me, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “Oh, so this is not what you believe. Tell me, what finally opened your small brain to the idea that I did not help Malekith?”
	“I don’t know. Maybe it was the twinkle in your eye,” I say, sarcastically. “Anyway, who said anything about me believing you?”
	“No one, but why else would you be here?”
	I can feel him poking through my thoughts, picking ones out, reading them like books, then putting them back. It feels almost as if I’m remembering something that I’d forgotten, the memories, the experiences coming into perfect clarity as he pulls them into my consciousness. Suddenly, I am overwhelmed with the feeling of pain. The memories of my screams and the eerie remnants of Malekith’s laughter fill my brain. Loki has picked out my dream and isn’t putting it back. 
	I try to look him in the eye, try to tell him to stop, but when I open my mouth all that escapes is a moan. He pokes more forcefully at the memory, spreading it out to all the far corners of my brain. Needles poke into me, spreading pain and poison throughout my body. Screams fill my lunges and spill out into the room. Malekith’s laughter surrounds me. More pain and screaming and pain and screaming and—
	“STOP!” I scream, backing away. “Stop it now!”
	Loki grins at me. “Touchy subject?”
	“No shit Sherlock. Now get out of my head,” I growl.
	“But your thoughts are just so interesting.” His smile widens. 
	Shut up and get the hell out of my mind! I clench my hands into fists and stare as angrily as I can at him. He sighs and turns away from me. I mean it, Loki. I feel him finally leave.
	“Back to the conversation at hand; what does Odin want? He cannot be freeing me merely because he cares, so what is his plan, his plot?”
	“He wants you to help—”
	“What with?”
	“I was getting to that, stop cutting me of. But, in any case, I think you know what I was about to say.” I raise my eyebrows and cross my arms.
	“Do enlighten me,” he says with a flourish of his hands. I roll my eyes. I can almost see the sarcasm oozing off of him.
	“He wants you to help open the portal; he assumes you have enough magic to do so. That’s why he’s willing to let you out.” I twirl the end of my braid around and around my fingers, waiting for his response.
	“Why would I do that?” Loki asks.
	My hands drop to my sides. “What?” I stare at him, confused.
	“Why,” he takes a step closer to me, “would I help my father, the man who locked me away? Why”—closer—“would I help you, an insolent Midgardian wench who does not belong here? And why”—he closes the distance between us and looms over me, tall and menacing, his eyes filled with hatred—“would I help anyone in this miserable realm when it is so very fun watching everything fall apart?”
	I take a step back and become acutely aware of how close the force field is behind me. Loki takes another step towards me, pinning me between him and the electric barrier.
	“Well?” he hisses. His eyes flash red and I gasp. Did I just see that or am I imagining things?
	I shake my head, take a deep breath, stand straighter and feign confidence as Loki glowers down at me. “Because,” I push the nervous shake out of my voice, “you want to get out of your cage and I want to get out of Asgard. My only way out is with your help so that means you get out too, our fates are intertwined.” I sidestep around him and move to the center of the room. 
	“You seem to be overestimating my willingness to oblige. I have no urge to help you or any one at this time nor will I ever, so,” he re-clasps his hands behind his back, “you can leave.”
	“Don’t you want to get out?” I cry. He dips his head and lets out a short laugh. “This is your last chance so you can either take it or leave it. All you have to do is help!” I pause and close my eyes. I don’t want to sound desperate. I mean I am but I don’t want him to know. I look Loki in the eye a moment later. “Please.”
	Loki stops pacing and looks at me. “If you are going to beseech me, do it properly. Get on your knees and beg for my help. Kneel and I may consider it.”
	I laugh. “You’re acting so high and mighty. I have offered you a chance to get out of this place.” I gesture wildly around me. “Yet, you’re still acting like you are the one in control. I’m sorry to break it to you, but you aren’t. I am. I’m the one who can get you out or keep you in and right now I’m leaning towards the latter. You will help and I promise it won’t be because I knelt.”
	He lunges at me and pushes me up against the wall, pressing his hand against my throat. I gag and Loki laughs. Where the heck is the guard?
	“Mark my words, mortal,” he hisses close to my ear. “I will get out eventually, whether it is because of your bargain or not, and when I do, I will set your pathetic realm on fire, I will burn it until there is nothing left and break every aspect of your silly lives. And then finally, when this bravery you so flawlessly wear has crumbled to nothing but dust, you will kneel.” His hand tightens around my throat and I see lights bursting before my eyes. “In the end you will always kneel.”
	I blink, desperately trying to clear my vision. I give up and just glare at him through the dots as I try to poke into his mind, flip through it like a magazine, pick out papers then put them back, using it as a filing cabinet. But I can’t so I stare at his eyes and push my way through the anger and hatred to the emotion buried deep below. It’s a look I recognize well, too well and gives me a giant pang of sympathy for the man who murdered countless of innocent people.
	Betrayal.
	Did Odin do this to him? Did his own father hurt him enough to etch that emotion permanently into his eyes? Whatever happened, I’m going to figure it out and if he still refuses to help, the knowledge might come in handy.
	“You want something else,” Loki whispers, breaking me away from my thoughts. “What is it?” 
	I can barely see let alone breath and the mere thought of oxygen is a dream. His hand loosens then and I knock it away. I collapse and rest my head against the wall, sucking in breath after sweet breath. 
	“No matter. I see no use in fulfilling the inquiries of a child.”
	The guard, who just now realizes something is going on and that he probably needs to stop whatever it is, rushes over. He opens the section of the electric wall and comes up the stairs.
	I stand up, rubbing my neck, and say, “When you’re ready to cooperate, tell a guard to get me and we can broach the subject again.” The guard follows me down the stairs and closes the force field behind us. We walk towards the exit. “But until then,” I call over my shoulder, “I bid thee farewell!”





























Chapter 9

	“I believe that is five more points for me,” Thor says, sending me a triumphant smirk.
	I groan, but smile. “Yes, yes it is. How are you so good at this?” I scratch five more lines under the T drawn in the dirt. Tossing my second to last pebble, I watch as it lands in the outermost ring of the target. I glare at Thor when he let’s out a cheer, then draw one line under my F.
	“It seems”—he tosses his final pebble and it lands in the dead center of the target—“that I have won.”
	I scuff out the target and scores then turn to Thor, who wears a smug grin. “You have beaten me at everything. How are you so good at all these games? Tic-tac-toe, rock paper scissors, Go Fish, throwing a stupid pebble at a target drawn in the dirt.”
	He laughs. “It seems I have a natural gift for these simple Midgardian amusements.”
	“Seems so,” I say. “What shall we do now? Another game? Figure out why you have a hundred percent success rate at destroying me? Or figure out a way to make Loki help us?”
	“I’ve had a thought, and it is much more enjoyable than all three of those options,” Thor says. 
	“What...My children’s games aren’t fun for you?”
	“They are far too easy for my level of talent. If I were not so gifted, perhaps they would be more interesting.” Thor laughs. 
	“Okay, smart ass. What’s your idea, since all of mine are dull?” 
	“You must be growing tired of having nothing to pass the days...” he begins.
	“Yes...you are five hundred percent correct,” I say. “Keep going.”
	“How would you like to see the Armory?”

* * *

	“Holy—” A glare from Thor cuts me off. “I was gonna say, ‘crap.’”
	“I’m sure.” He leads me into the large hexagonal room. All the weapons I could possibly imagine cover the walls. Sheaths of arrows hang one after the other next to dozens of longbows. Another wall is covered in long swords, shorter swords and in-between swords. Next to them hang golden shields, silver shields and coppery ones. Spears and maces and other weirder-looking sharp things cover the remaining walls.
	I walk over to the bows and pick one up. It is made of wood that has been smoothed and glossed over. In the bow itself, as if it had been infused into the wood, are thin veins of silver and gold.
	“Would you care to try?” Thor says from behind me.
	“With this? No! I’d probably break it...or break me.” I set it back gently. 
	“No, definitely not,” he chuckles. “I would not start you out with an actual bow or sword for fear of you harming yourself or someone else.”
	“We both have no faith in my abilities,” I mutter, touching the bow once before turning to follow Thor. 
	He leads me through a door into another, smaller room. Hanging on these walls are wooden training weapons and dull metal swords that look like they couldn’t even chop a banana. He pulls two wooden long swords off their hooks and grabs a small training bow and a sheath of arrows from a box then walks out another door.
	We walk out into a small patio outside the castle.
	“Welcome to the training arena.” Thor raises his arms wide, taking in the whole of the stone circle.
	“Whoa...” I spin slowly.  Targets painted on the walls or hanging from posts surround us and dummies with red dots marking fatal spots stand in clusters. A hill leads down and away to my right. Through the large opening between the corners of the castle and the armory, I can see the forest and the distant villages.
	Thor hands me one of the swords and tells me where to stand. “Now, there are four basic stances, but once you begin to learn this fighting style more, you will learn that each stance can be altered at any moment depending on the situation.” He spent the next several minutes describing each stance, demonstrating them for me and telling me why they are used. Eventually, after about an hour, I finally got to do things. Every few minutes he would tell me what I’m doing wrong or how to perfect my stance.
	After two hours, I have been told how much my concentration and my defensive stance sucks. Thor didn’t literally say: “Freya, you suck,” but I got the idea due to the amount of times I heard him sigh, groan and laugh at me.

* * *

	“Remember,” Thor says for the sixty-eighth time, “forehead, across, across—”
	I roll my eyes.
	“Forehead, across, across, waist, behind, thrust, guard. Yeah, I got it.” I raise the sword up so that the flat part of the blade is facing my forehead, bringing my hands that are wrapped around the hilt near my right ear and bend my elbow. I crouch slightly, the way he showed me. Across, across. I lower the sword and hold it parallel to my body. Then I slash the sword in front of me twice and I swing it out, like I’m pushing an invisible sword out of the way. I lower my hands to the right of my waist, the tip sticking out away from my body, pull back and stab forward, immediately swinging the sword so that it rests diagonally about a foot in front of my chest, flat part always facing my body (so the enemy doesn’t slam the edge into you, according to Thor).
	“Good.” He claps twice then crosses his arms. “Now reverse, then we shall do it together. I will be the attacker.”
	I restart with a groan. This time I start from the other side so that instead of the hilt starting to my right, it begins to my left and so on and so forth.
	“Perfect,” he says once I’ve finished the second set. “I believe it is time for you to practice with a partner.” He picks up the other sword and stands across from me.
	“I promise to go easy on you,” I say, grinning.
	“And I you.” Thor bows slightly and I curtsy, rousing a chuckle from my opponent. “Get in your stance, pupil!” he bellows a moment later, pointing at me with the wooden sword, and trying to keep from laughing.
	“Oops, right! Okay, sorry.” I spread my feet apart and crouch a little. 
	“Forehead!” Thor chops down and I block it. “Across, across!” He swings quickly and I block one, but duck as the other swing comes hurtling towards my head. I bounce up, block at the waist, then thrust towards him. He bounds back, grinning. “Very good, Freya, very good indeed.” He thwacks my sword like some sort of high five. “Again!”
	We do this over and over until it’s almost second nature. He adds in little tricks that I fumble to block, but block nonetheless.
	“So”—across, across—“about your brother.” I thrust forward.
	“What about him?”
	“I know we’ve talked about this since I went to see him, but”—waist!—“I don’t know what to do. Should I go talk to him again? He hasn’t summoned me to his cell yet. I don’t want to go back and act desperate.”
	Thor smiles and nods as he tries to smack my side. I knock his sword away, one, two, across, across, without thinking about it. 
	“And even if I do go back to talk, he won’t listen. I’ve only met him once and he already hates me.”
	Thor let’s out a short laugh. “Do not take it personally, there are few my brother tolerates.” 
	“Who does he tolerate?”
	He’s quiet for a moment, freezing mid-swing. “Our mother.”
	“Frigga?”
	Thor nods.
	“Thor, can I ask you something?” I ask, lowering my sword.
	He does the same. “By all means.”
	“How did Loki become what he is now?”
	“That will be a long explanation.”
	“I don’t know how long I’m gonna be here for, so I’ve got enough time to hear it,” I say.
	Thor presses his lips into a thin line. “You will not understand.”
	“I’ve come across a lot in the last week and a half that I haven’t understood. Lay it on me.”
	He sighs, nods, then motions for me to follow him. “Come, sit.” We walk over to the edge of the hill and sit down. Thor pulls up some blades of grass and begins to absentmindedly tie them together. “When Loki was indeed mischievous, always pulling pranks, telling jokes but the things he did were no more than innocent jests. It was around the time he found out he was adopted that his antics began to turn darker.”
	“He was adopted?” I ask.
	“Yes. My brother was taken from the Frost Giants by my father when he was only an infant. Odin did not wish to tell him; he did not want Loki to feel different. But, due to his reluctance, Loki found out on his own. When he learned his heritage, my brother became increasingly power hungry. He tried to prove himself by destroying Jotunheim, the realm of the Frost Giants. He wanted to show my father he was truly worthy of the throne, just as I was, but he failed to do so just as he failed to destroy Jotunheim. That was the same day he fell off the Bridge and for a year the whole of Asgard presumed him dead. That was until he presented himself in your New City of York. When he fell, he found his way to the Chitauris and Thanos. We could only get so much out of my brother before he refused to speak, but what we have concluded is that Thanos promised Loki a Chitauri army to take over Earth if Loki brought him the Tesseract.”
	I frown into the distance for a second, mulling over what Thor had just said. “Was Loki under Thanos’ control?”
	“I do not know. I would like to say yes. But I believe it was the lust for power that drove him to create that level of devastation. He would do anything for a throne, not excluding obliterating an entire city.”
	“Was Loki under the Tesseract’s control? Wait, what is a Tesseract?”
	Thor furrows his brow, thinking. “It is one of six Infinity Stones. And no, it does not have the power to control a being. At least not that I know of. The only stone I know of that has the power to be absorbed by a person is the Aether.”
	“Oh,” I say pretending to know what he’s talking about. 
	We’re both quiet for a moment, then I ask, “When I first met you, you said that you and Frigga both believed that Loki could change for the better, right?” I ask.
	Thor nods.
	“Do you still believe that?”
	He stares out over the forest, looking at the far away villages. “I do not know how I feel about my brother. In the past he has occasionally done things that have surprised me, made me think that there is still something...good deep within him. Maybe he will surprise me again. Maybe not.”

* * *

	Loki paces and watches the other prisoners while away the long days in their dank cells. He should not be here. He does not belong in a dungeon, he belongs on a throne. He deserves a throne. Loki clenches his fist. If his mission on Midgard had not failed, he would have that realm at his fingertips, the people would be at his disposal. But that plan had been interrupted and instead of having a whole planet, all he had was a very small, very boxlike room to call his own. If it hadn’t been for Thor and the Avengers—Loki smirks at the name—he would be the king of that measly world, the world where that girl came from.
	That girl, that irritating, foolish little girl. A smile plays across the god’s lips as an idea begins to form.
	Loki stops walking and stands facing the corridor. A guard finally passes and when he does, he stops to look at the man in green.
	“What?” the guard asks.
	“Summon the girl,” says the God of Mischief and Lies. “Tell her I am ready to cooperate.”























Chapter 10

	The canopy over my bed is made of long strips of gold and silver woven together. There are exactly one hundred and ninety-eight little square gaps between the pieces of metal and twenty-seven parts of the squares around its edges. The bed posts that attach to the canopy have markings that make the golden surfaces look like wood with veins of purple and blue running through them. It’s all very intricate and precise and— I shake my head and sit up. I’ve been staring at the ceiling for the last hour and a half and I can feel the brain-to-mush process already starting. I did take a nap for sixty of those ninety minutes but I can still feel my sanity slowly dissolving into that woven canopy thing.
	There’s a knock and I bounce up and over to swing the door open. I open my mouth, ready to start talking to Lifa, but shut it abruptly when I see Jolgier standing stiffly and awkwardly before me.
	“Hello, Lady Freya,” he starts. “The prisoner, er, Loki requests your presence at his cell. He wishes to see you immediately.”
	Took him long enough. “Okay, thanks Jolgier. I’ll be down shortly.” He gives me a curt nod then turns and walks away. I shut the door and face my room.
	The silver disk that Odin gave me sits on my bedside table next to my phone and sketch pad. I walk over and pick it up, running my thumb over the smooth surface, thinking. What made Loki finally decide that he would help us? Was it something I said? No, it couldn’t have been something I said; he strangled me because of what I said. I shiver at the memory of his hands around my throat and try to assure myself it won’t happen again. But how can I be sure? I have to somehow get this metal disk on his skin without him hurting me. Let’s hope he’s decided to be cooperative when he cooperates. 
	Usually that’d be a given, but he’s Loki and nothing with him is a given.
	There’s another knock on my door and this time it is Lifa standing in front of me. I smile at her and she returns it, clutching the book she’s holding tight against her.
	“Freya, hello! I was wondering if you needed me to get anything for your evening bath. I know it is not even after noontime but I was just thinking that I could get everything ready now.” She smiles wider. “Unless you do not want me to, in which case I am sorry to bother you.”
	“No, no. That’s alright. I already have clean towels from yesterday, but thanks.” I walk to my bed, only to turn back when I realize she isn’t following me inside. “You can come in, if you want.” 
	She walks in and closes the door then comes to perch on the edge of my bed. I hold the silver disk between my thumb and forefinger. She sets her book down beside her and looks at me, blue eyes curious.  
	“I’m wondering something too,” I say, flipping the disk like a quarter. I rest against my pillows.
	“What ever you need, I will be happy to help, m’lady,” she says, smiling.
	“Loki has called me back to his cell to talk about his release and I was going to go down to talk to him, but last time he strangled me and—”
	“Oh my god!” Her eyes grow wide and she bolts up. “You still seek his help even though he did that to you?”
	“Yes.” I catch the disk before it rolls under my bed. “I just really want to tell people on earth I’m not dead.” I pocket the disk and flop down onto the mattress again.
	“Yes, I suppose I see why you wish to. Though, if it requires you harming yourself, I would advise against it,” Lifa says, brows pulling together. 
	“Malekith has already poked and injected me with more needles than possibly countable. Compared to that, Loki’s a breeze. I’d take a cold breeze over searing hot poison any day.”
	Lifa twirls the end of her braid slightly, then asks, “What did you wish to speak to me about?”
	“Oh, right! I was wondering if you wanted to come with me to his cell,” I say. “For moral support, I don’t really want him strangling me again.”
	“Freya, are...are you positive you want his help? He isn’t called the God of Mischief and Lies for nothing,” she says.
	“I know. I know, but I want to get out. I want to get out and I need his help, he’s my ticket out of this place.” I lie down and look back up at the canopy I’ve memorized.
	“Yes, and I know that, but even if he does open the portal, Malekith will be able to find you again. You wont be safe on Midgard,” she says. “We can keep you safe here but our protections cannot reach anywhere out of Asgard. The Dark Elves will find you once you return home and the Allfather will be unable to help when they do.”
	I close my eyes and rub them, feeling too tired to deal with Loki’s sarcasm and my being trapped in a galaxy far, far away. I haven’t allowed myself to think about any flaws in my plan, but I know what she says is true and at some point I’m going to need to accept that. 
	“We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it,” I mutter.
	Lifa watches me as she continues to fumble nervously with the end of her braid. A moment later she nods. “I will accompany you to his cell then. He will be unable to strangle you if I am there!” She flashes me a smile.
	I laugh a little and sit up. “Thank you, Lifa.”

* * *

	Hagen opens the door to the dungeons and Lifa and I enter.
	“What do you think he’s going to say?” Lifa asks. She’s been twirling the end of her braid since we left my room and now she’s beginning to scrunch it in her fist.
	“I don’t know, we’ll see in just a sec—”
	“Took you long enough,” Loki murmurs. He flips the page of his book and reads it before looking up at us. The book slaps closed and he stands. “I was beginning to wonder if that oaf had neglected to pass on my message, or if you simply didn’t care.” He trails his slender fingers over the cover of the book with such care and tenderness that hesitate a moment before answering.
	“He finally got it to me after you finished sulking in your cage,” I say, “so don’t you worry your little head about it.”
	Loki sets the book on the table and steps closer. He bends down to look me in the eye, a humorless smile forming on his lips. “Those are some brave words coming from such fragile little girl. Come inside and tell me more. Then we will see how strong you truly are.”
	I take a small step back and Loki bares his teeth.
	I cross my arms, then walk as close as I can get without singeing my hair on the force field. I stare him in the eye, and say, “I would love to but I don’t feel like having the life squeezed out of me again.”
	“No, of course you don’t.” He straightens. “Taking your measly life would bring me great pleasure but I need you for other things.”  
	I pull the metal disk out of my pocket. I see the god’s face pale and this time I smile. 
	“If you wanna get out, you gotta put this on. That was under the Terms and Conditions and I am making sure to read every word,” I say. 
	He frowns at me. “I am assuming that piece of metal prohibits me from using my magic?”
	“Your assumption would be correct.” I start toward the stairs. “The Allfather gave it to me to use so you wouldn’t go all berserk once free from your cell.”
	“Very well. Come put it on me. I will not ‘go all berserk’ towards you.” 
	A half concealed laugh escapes as I start towards the stairs.
	“Freya!” Lifa whispers. “Remember what I said before. He isn’t called the God of Mischief and Lies for nothing.”
	“I know, I’ll be fine,” I say, then I grin. “He promised to not go berserk on me; I’m sure I can handle this jerk.”
	Loki snorts, and I look at him, genuinely surprised he can make that sound.
	“What?” he asks.
	“Nothing, just don’t make me regret getting you out.”
	“If that is truly what you are doing, please make haste.”
	“Since you said please.” I open the cell and walk in, Lifa following close behind. She stands and watches us, spinning her braid at an alarmingly fast rate.
	I hold up the disk. “No funny business, right?”
	“Of course not,” he purrs. “I never take part in funny business.”
	I roll my eyes and wait for Loki to roll up his sleeve. He holds out his arm, palm up, and taps the skin a few inches from his hand. I place the metal disk against his skin and hold his arm steady so I can touch the sensor. My thumb brushes his wrist a little and I flick my eyes up to his. He watches me curiously for a moment before looking away.
	There’s a soft click and Loki hisses, ripping his arm away from me and breaking up the weird bonding moment. He turns and walks away, clenching his hand repeatedly and wiggling his fingers. He glares at me over his shoulder, green eyes blazing.
	“Well?” I ask. “You ready?”
	He stares at the metal disk, then pulls down his sleeve and turns towards me. “Yes.” Loki starts towards the exit but stops when he is next to me.
	“Child,” he murmurs and steps closer to me. “What Thor told you only touches the surface of the monster that I am.”
	“What?” I ask. 
	Loki’s eyes are wild, two small jungles hiding poisonous flowers behind mossy tree trunks. He’s grinning a lopsided and crazed grin and leans to whisper in my ear. “I can assure you that you will not like what you come to learn. My past is far darker than the small glimpse you have had into it.” The odd look slowly turns into an evil smile, then it’s gone, replaced by his usual cool, somewhat collected, demeanor.
	He walks down the stairs, leaving me wondering how on earth he knew I had talked to Thor. I wasn’t thinking about the conversation, at least I don’t think I was. Somehow he pulled it up out of my subconscious, except how could he? He doesn’t have his magic.
	“The impulse to lock you both in is becoming overwhelming,” Loki calls from outside the cell.
	Lifa and I rush into the corridor to where Loki stands smirking. A moment later he begins to walk down the hall and I jog after him. I walk briskly, trying to match my pace with his long strides.
	“What?” he asks.
	“What what?” I counter.
	“It is obvious you want something. What is it?”
	“How did you know I talked to Thor? Your magic is turned off.”
	He smiles, shaking his head, and looks at me with his overused, slightly handsome—NO! I meant annoying—with his annoying smirk plastered on his face.
	“I need no magic to tell when someone looks at me differently. I did not know you went to my brother, I merely assumed. Thank you for proving me correct.”
	I stare at him. “Seriously?”
	He flashes me a genuine smile and asks, “What did he tell you?”
	“I’m not going to answer that. What do you mean I looked at you differently?” I say.
	“Your face,” Loki says, “bore a peculiar expression.”
	“It was me hoping you wouldn’t strangle me again.”
	“No, it was more than that.” He bends down a little bit and takes me by my shoulders, studying my face. “Curiosity is a look that does little to suit you, my dear,” he whispers.
	I stare at him for a moment, then back away from him. He does nothing to stop me so I cross my arms. 
	I try to act collected and not as awkward as I feel. “Wow, thanks,” I say. “And I’m truly sorry that I look ugly when I’m curious, but we can talk features later. The Allfather needs to see you. Now.”
	Loki sighs and rubs at the disk attached to his skin. “Very well. Show me to Odin.”

































Chapter 11

	Lifa and I get to the Throne Room door and turn to wait for Loki as he takes his leisurely time walking towards us. After a good thirty seconds he finally catches up and pushes past us into the large room. Instantly, his mood changes and he turns to look at me, mischief playing behind his now-blueish eyes.
	“Must I really wait after you so eagerly pulled me here?” he asks cooly.
	I let out a short laugh and come to a stop next to him. “This is the way you’re gonna play it, huh?” I say lowly.
	He grins briefly before turning to face his father who stands at the bottom of the large stair case. Odin walks towards us, flanked by Frigga. Thor, Lady Sif and Fandral stand to our right. I glance at Thor who gives me a reassuring nod. Fandral nods politely at me, no hint of seduction anywhere, thank the gods. He must have finally realized his creepy attempts at flirtation were getting nowhere.
	“Thank you for bringing him, Lady Freya,” Odin says.
	I raise an eyebrow. He’s never used ‘lady’ when referring to me before; something’s going on.
	“You’re welcome,” I say. I walk so that I’m in front of Loki before continuing. “It took him some time, but I think my words finally won him over.”
	Loki scoffs. “Hardly.”
	I glare at him over my shoulder then turn back to Odin and Frigga. “Do you need me for anything else?”
	“Yes. But first I must inform you,” he looks at Loki, “of the terms of your release.”
	Loki’s fists clench but he doesn’t say anything.
	“First and foremost,” the Allfather begins, “you are only being let out on the assumption that you and your magic both have the capabilities to reopen the Bifrost. If and when the Bifrost is opened, we will approach the subject of what to do with you again, but until then, Freya will be your guardian. You must always be in her company save for hygienic purposes and when you are asleep. When it is time for you to retire, I am giving Freya a key to—”
	“A key?” Loki snarls. “You say you give me freedom but still you give my guardian a key? This girl should not be my guardian, she does not need a key. I do not need a key!”
	“You know why I am doing this, Loki,” Odin says, unperturbed. “It is for your own protection as well as the protection of those around you.”
	“My own protection? From whom?”
	“Yourself.”
	“I do not need protection from myself, you old fool!” Loki hisses.
	“Do you not? Then perhaps protection from those not so forgiving as this girl. Honestly, I am surprised Freya fought for your freedom after what you did to her city. I would have thought that on seeing you, any mortal would have run, fearing the destruction that you caused and that you could cause again.” 
	I glance between them, biting my lower lip nervously. Loki’s jaw is clenched and every muscle in his entire body is tense and quivering. His eyes have darkened, becoming the color of a forest in a storm, the color of a forest on fire. There’s a flash of red and Loki yells, launching himself at Odin.
	Without really knowing what I’m doing, I grab the god’s arm and swing myself in between him and Odin. Loki’s eyes briefly flick to me but a moment later, he is staring his father dead in the eye. He leans forward and I press my hand that isn’t gripping his arm against his chest to keep him away from me and away from Odin. He doesn’t look all there, something in him has snapped in these few moments with his father and I’m afraid of what he might do.
	But all he does is speak. And when he does it is so quiet that if I weren’t sandwiched directly between them, Odin would be the only one to hear it. “I should have let it happen.”
	I turn as much as I can between the two men and look at Odin who stands behind me. His whole face would be emotionless if it weren’t for the small flicker of surprise at his son’s words.  A flash of triumph flickers across Loki’s face and a moment later he takes a step back. I let go of his leather jacket that I don’t remember wrapping my hand around. He inhales sharply and rips his arm out of my other hand. Then he turns, walking a few steps away from us, his shoulders rising and falling with angry breaths.
	I take a deep breath and let it out slowly through puffed cheeks, unsure of what I just witnessed. Whatever it was, though, was personal and both of them new exactly what the other was talking about. I cross my arms and look at the Allfather. Odin nods at me but his eyes stay fixed on Loki. I walk over to where Loki stands and stop next to him (staying a good three feet away, but still next to him).
	Odin Allfather clears his throat and Loki faces him.
	“To continue, henceforth both of you will be expected to attend council meetings involving the Bifrost, it’s well being and what we are going to do with you.” He looks at me when he says this.
	“Me? What about me?”
	“We have been talking about—”
	“Wait a minute! There have been meeting about me and no one’s told me?” I shoot a pointed look at Thor who, at this moment, happens to be engaged in a very urgent conversation with Sif.
	“At the time, we did not think it necessary,” Odin says.
	“We? You mean you talked to people and you all thought it would be okay to not include me in meetings about me?!”
	“I made the final decision—”
	“Yeah, obviously. You are the Allfather after all,” I mutter.
	“Do not interrupt me. I have been far too lenient so it would do you good to quiet your obnoxious habit of blurting out whatever comes to mind!” Odin’s yell echoes off the walls around us and I bite my lip, ignoring Loki’s chuckle.
	“As I was saying, I made the final decision to not tell you about the meetings because I knew that you would soon be attending them. Although I did not foresee Loki’s release, he is your responsibility and consequently will be attending them as well.”
	I nod. No interrupting, don’t even speak until you get out of here.
	But then you’ll be alone with Loki, part of me whispers. Alone. With Loki. After that outburst and the sense that he wanted to kill something.
	Greeeeeat.
	“The first meeting will be held in two days time. I am assuming this will give you both time to get to know each other enough to get along and also figure out what you will say and what you will do.”
	“What do you mean?” Loki asks.
	“What I mean is that you, Loki, must control yourself. We will need to find a way for you to only use some of your magic to open the portal because I do not wish to remove the disk fully from your skin.” Odin turns to me. “And you must learn to hold your tongue when it is not your turn to speak.”
	I roll my eyes but nod. “Fine.”
	“Good. Lady Sif shall send for you when it is time for the meeting, but until then you are free to do what you wish. Do not get in trouble.”
	“Yup. Where’s the key?” I ask.
	Odin eyes me skeptically. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small gold key attached to a silver chain. I walk forward and he hands it to me. Slipping it over my head, I cross my arms.
	“I’m not gonna lose it,” I say in response to his skepticism.
	“Try not to.”
	“Yes, sir.” I curtsy as sarcastically as I can then turn. “Come along, Loki. We have to bond for the next two days.”
	He follows me out and Lifa follows him. We walk down the hall in silence. I glance at Loki, surprised at how easily it was to get him out of there so quickly. A minute more of silence passes and just as I am about to say something, I am slammed against the wall and Loki is in my face, his forearm pressed against my throat.	
	“Do not even think about using that key,” he hisses.
	“And don’t you even think,” I growl, “that you can just threaten me and I will do whatever you say.”
	“You seem to forget, child, that even without my magic I still have the capability to snap your pretty little neck.” He leans in so that his eyes are level with mine. “And to do that would bring me much pleasure.”
	“Would it?” I whisper.
	“It would.”
	“Then go ahead.”
	He and Lifa blink at me, and both say, “What?”
	I try to smile, but it feels more like a grimace. “Go ahead, do it. If you do, you’ll go right back into your cell. Everyone will know that you did it and there will be no getting out. Ever. So go ahead, Loki. Snap my pretty little neck.” I stare him in the eyes, daring him to do it. 
	Loki wraps his hand around my neck and my stomach drops. He’s actually going to do it.  I didn’t think he really would. God, I really have to learn to shut up!
	I swallow the ball of nerves forming in throat. “Well?” I ask.
	He begins to squeeze, but then he lets go.
	“I will not kill you,” he says quietly. 
	The statement and the way it is said catches me off guard and I don’t say anything. Loki purses his lips at me and Lifa and I watch as he sighs, turns and continues on down the hall.
	
























Chapter 12

	“So Loki,” I start for the fifth time. He doesn't glare at me like he has the last four times, so I continue.   “What's your favorite color?”
	When I ask this, Loki looks at me with disdain in his green eyes. 
	“Oh, green.  Obviously.” I shift my position in the chair next to the fire and pull the turquoise blanket closer around my shoulders. It got cold last night and when I woke up I expected there to be snow on the ground. Then I remembered this is Asgard and the cold would go away as quickly as it came. But then, surprisingly, it didn’t (proving I know absolutely nothing about Asgard and its weather patterns). It still didn’t snow, but if I was on Earth it’d at least be sleet or that weird half-rain-half-snow stuff. Or are those the same thing? 
	My room had been freezing even with a fire roaring in the hearth, so Loki, Lifa and I had made our way to a small cozy tea room. Frigga had been here originally, but after she said good morning and talked to her son quietly for a while, she went away to attend to some queenly duties. An hour after the Allmother left, Lifa was called to help her mother and more cooks in the kitchen, so she left us reading the small collection of books Frigga had brought over.
	Without looking up from his book, Loki says, “If this is what you consider bonding then I wish to not partake.”
	“Loki, come on! We're apparently supposed to, so why not get it over with?”
	“Fine.”  He slaps his book shut and stares at me, unblinking. “My favorite color is serpent's venom, my favorite sound was the destruction of your precious city, and I strongly dislike you. May I return to my book now?”
	“I could've guessed all of that,” I say. I put my book on the wooden coffee table that sits between the two of us and cross my arms.
	“Oh really?” he asks, leaning back in his seat.
	I nod. “I'm assuming serpent's venom is green. You look like the kind of guy who enjoys the screams of innocent mortals as they flee from you in terror. And I strongly dislike you too.”
	“Wonderful, you are most perceptive indeed. Now will you permit me to return to my book, guardian?”
	“No. Now it's my turn.”
	Loki groans and drops his book on the sofa next to him. He rubs his eyes with the tips of his slender fingers and says, “Even Hell would be better than this punishment.” 
	“Stop whining! You sound like a four year old with a very large vocabulary.”
	“If I were but four years of age, I would still be an infant and unable to speak,” he mutters. 
	I ignore him.   “My favorite color is the color of the clouds when the sun's setting and they get tinted with orange and purple and pink. My favorite smell is vanilla...or maybe mint, I don’t know. My favorite sound is...ummm...”
	“Your own voice, perhaps?” Loki asks, arching an eyebrow.
	“No, but if I had to choose a favorite voice it would certainly not be yours.”  
	Loki mocks offense. “Oh that hurts, that truly does.” 
	I smirk, then go on, “My favorite sound would be wind in the trees and water flowing over rocks in a creek.  And I still don't like you, but I understand your feelings toward your dad.”
	Loki stares at me. “You what?” he asks.
	“I understand your feelings toward your dad,” I repeat.
	“How could you possibly understand all that he's done?”
	“That's not what I said.”
	“Then do clarify what you mean.”
	“I mean that I understand the betrayal you feel, and I know what it feels like to be hurt by someone you loved.”
	“No, you don't.”  I watch Loki’s hand push off the sofa as he stands and suddenly it isn’t his hand and it’s coming toward my face. The man in my memory yells at me. All I can do is stare at him wondering what the hell I ever did to make him hate me so much and then his hand comes in contact with my cheek. My mother yells at him and I am crouching on the floor, holding a hand to my stinging skin, my head whirling.
	“My father has done things that you can't even imagine!” Loki continues, breaking me away from my memories.
	I stand and walk around the table to face him as best I can even though I’m at least six inches shorter. “Yeah? Well so has mine.”
	“I doubt it.”
	“Do you? You doubt it? You seem oh-so-sure you know everything about me. Well, Loki, you don’t!”
	“Yes, I do,” he says. A smile plays across his lips as he speaks and I push down the urge to slap it off.
	I scoff and cross my arms. “Then do enlighten me, Loki. Who am I?”
	He leans down to stare me in the eye. “You are a spoiled little girl who grew up having all she ever wanted handed to her on a silver plate. You have learned that whatever you say has no consequences and with that being true, you say all that comes to mind. You haven’t known pain until Malekith stole you from your planet and deposited you here, broken and confused. You act so strong, so confident, but really you are nothing more than a scared little girl who wants to run home to her mother!”
	I swallow hard and force my face to stay placid. Loki stares at me, breathing hard, his eyes flicking to look in both of mine as he waits for my answer. A minute passes of us having an undeclared staring contest; then I force out a laugh.
	“What is so amusing?”
	“Ab-so-lute-ly nothing, but you are hilariously wrong,” I say loudly, pushing my lips into a smile.
	“Am I?” he growls.
	“Yes, you are so wrong it is funny!” I laugh again, but this time it comes out as a strangled cry and I clamp my mouth shut.
	Loki’s eyes narrow but he doesn’t say anything about it. “Then do enlighten me, my pet. What did you mean when you said you understood my pain?”
	I smile again and somehow this time it’s real, or semi at least. “Are we playing the question game, then?”
	“You are infuriating,” Loki mutters and turns to pick up his book. He begins to walk towards the door and this action of sudden passiveness pisses me off even more.
	“What made you such an asshole?” I yell.
	He pauses mid stride and without turning, asks, “What?”
	“What. Made. You. Such. An. Asshole?” I repeat.
	Loki spins and as he does, he throws his book. It crashes against the wall and slides to the floor, a page fluttering a few feet away. His narrowed eyes are blood red and I take a step back, realizing suddenly that this could get really dangerous, really fast. The feeling of deja vu settles over me and my words from yesterday appear in my brain: God, I really have to learn to shut up!
	He walks toward me slowly and, like that day in the dungeon, he reminds me of a cat about to pounce. He doesn’t begin speaking until he’s passed the sofa and when he does, his voice is quiet and quavering on the edge of explosion. “My father neglected me; he refused to acknowledge my presence as he proudly watched Thor become the heir to the throne. After taking me from Jotunheim, Odin never gave me a second glance. I was no more than a stranger living among people who lied and called me family, a relic they only wished was put away in safe keeping. None of them loved me then, certainly none of them love me now, and I do not care. I will happily watch them all burn as I did your city.”
	“What about your mom?”
	Loki’s eyes widen for a split second.
	“What about her?” he spits.
	“You love her.”
	“No, I d—”
	“Yes, you do. I can tell. And she loves you too, Loki. Even if you’re right and Odin doesn’t, she definitely loves you,” I say.
	Out of the corner of my eye, I see his hand clench and when I look at it, his fist is blue and weird little markings rise off the back of it.
	I walk up to him. If he wants to, he could easily strangle and kill me, but something in me senses he won’t, at least not right now. I hope I’m right.
	“And if there is only one stupid thing I say that you give a damn to remember, let it be this,” I wrap my hand around a fold in his leather jacket and pull him down to look me in the eye, “having at least one person who’s loved you your entire life is better than none.” Something warm dances in my fingertips and I stare at my hand holding his jacket. “Trust me,” I whisper, “I should know.”
	I look back at his eyes and see that they have returned to green—a calm green, almost blue but not quite: the color of a forest at dawn. He watches me carefully, his face completely lacking emotion, then suddenly he grabs my hand and pulls it away from him. He holds it in both his hands (which are both normally colored) and his thumbs trace over my palm almost as if he’s searching for something.
	“What did you do?” he murmurs.
	“What?” I ask, startled at his sudden mood change. “What do you mean?”
	Loki shakes his head slightly.
	“What? Loki, why are you touching my hand? Let go!”
	“That is very strange.” He frowns.
	“What’s very strange?” I ask. 
	He doesn’t answer.
	“Okay, that’s it. Let me go.” I try to pull my hand away but Loki just squeezes it harder and continues to stare at it.
	“Let me go! If you aren’t going to tell me what you’re doing, let me go.”
	“What did you do?” he asks again.
	“What do you mean what did I do? Just let me go!” I try to pull away from him again, but Loki doesn’t stop staring at my hand. “Let go! Just let me go! Loki, just LET ME—” I’m cut off by a loud ZAP and flash of light that makes Loki stumble back and fall onto the sofa.
	He stares at me and says something, but now I’m too busy staring at my hand. It looks normal, but it caused whatever just happened. What did Malekith do to me?
	“How did you do that?”
	“I didn’t. I didn’t do anything,” I say firmly, finally meeting his gaze.
	“No, no. You must have done something.”
	“No! I swear! I thought that was you,” I say. My breathing has risen to a pant and I can feel my heart hammering away in my ears. 
	What did Malekith do? Is it that liquid pain he put in me? Did he curse me? What did he do? Am I dying or something?
	“What did he do?” I ask.
	“To whom are you referring?”
	“Malekith. What did he do? Am I cursed or something? Is it what he put in me?”
	“He could have poisoned you,” Loki says calmly. His eyes flash but this time it’s with amusement, not with a sudden flood of red.
	“What?!” I cry. “Seriously? You think he actually—”
	“Or,” he says, cutting me off, “he could have done something much worse but also much more interesting.”
	“No! Nonononono.” I sit down and stare at my hand a moment before looking at Loki. “What do you mean?” I demand. “What does ‘more interesting’ mean? What is worse than poison?” All Loki does is smirk. Asshole. 
	I glare at him as I try to think through the one thought swirling in my mind: What would be worse than being poisoned? I have to calm down to think clearly. I’ve been half calm this entire afternoon while sitting with a man who could easily kill me with his bare hands, so, compared to that, this shouldn’t make me freak out so much. I mean, it was probably just major static electricity or something. Right? RIGHT?!
	We sit in silence, Loki pretending to read but really watching me and my reactions, and me staring at the sofa table but not actually seeing it as I rub my weird hand. I take deep breath after deep breath, letting each one out slowly and steadily and shakily.
	Okay, I think, this is okay. Nothing like this has happened before; nothing weird like this has happened before. It’s all just a coincidence. Only a coincidence. Then I freeze.
	But this has happened before; up in the tower with Thor on one of my first days here. Somehow I had transported myself onto the railing and Thor had to catch me before I plummeted off the tower.
	“Shit,” I whisper.
	“What?” Loki asks. He puts down his book and watches me intently. He knew I was thinking through everything, he saw the gears turning and the lightbulb about to flicker on. Even without his magic he seems to have a keen sense of when something involving other people will interest him.
	“Shit!” I say again, this time louder.
	“What have you learned?”
	“I, um.” I look at him.
	“Well?”
	“On one of my first days here, when Thor was giving me a tour, we went up into this tower and I was looking out over Asgard and stuff. Just looking out over everything from so far up made me think how cool it’d be to be a bird and fly. So I leaned against the railing and put out my arms like I’ve done at the tops of light houses down on Earth and I just held out my arms, like—” I raise my arms out to either side and wave them up and down a little, demonstrating my grade-A flying technique. Loki arches an eyebrow and looks extremely critical. “I just—I wanted to...um.”
	“You wanted to what?”
	“I wanted to fly,” I say quietly. Loki nods but doesn’t say anything. My cheeks heat up and I press my hands against them, trying to cover the stupid blush. 
	“Did you feel anything odd when that occurred?”
	“Yeah, I felt this weird tingly burning sensation. It felt like what happened when Malekith put the needles and stuff in me.”
	Loki nods again. “Did you feel that same sensation just now?”
	I give a small nod. 
	A grin briefly plays across the god’s lips, and he places his chin on his clasped hands. “Curious,” he murmurs. “That is very curious indeed.”


















	Chapter 13

	Curious he says. Curious! Curious, my ass. Curious is when it’s pouring rain and there’s no sun but still a rainbow. Curious is when there’s no wind, but the leaves still tumble across the ground. Curious is when the wand that chose Harry Potter had the same core as the one that chose Voldemort! That is curious!
	Curious is not when some freaky elf guy barges into Starbucks, kidnaps you, then precedes to inject you with various liquids that burn and sting your insides. That is not curious; that is scary and hurts like hell!
	But of course Loki would think that’s ‘curious.’ Of course he would.
	I groan and roll over in my bed. It’s late, but outside, the giant planet that’s closest to Asgard shines so brightly it’s almost like day time.
	Once everything in the tea room had happened, and I had calmed down some, Loki and I met up with Thor and went to dinner. After I said goodnight to Loki (to which I got no response and just a door slammed in my face), I locked him in for the night. Then I changed into my pajamas and got into bed, assuming I’d be able to fall asleep instantly because I was so tired. Instead, I lay awake into the wee hours of the night, thinking of ways to get to Loki and somehow bond with him.
	I had tried today, thinking that maybe if I told him about the thing we have in common, he’d open up a little. But he got pissed off, then I got pissed off, then I made my stupid ‘question game’ comment and my hand decided to zap him. My hand zapped him. Why did my hand zap him? What’s going on with me? How did— NO! I’m on the topic of Loki right now.
	Although, before my comment, he had asked me to explain what I had said about me understanding him and maybe if I bring that up again he’ll listen. I just can’t let him grab the conversation and run. There needs to be some sort of understanding between us if I’m going to be here any longer than the day after tomorrow. 
	I close my eyes, deciding that tomorrow I will find a time to talk. And when I do he will listen.

* * *

	I wake up with faint remnants of a dream swirling in my head, involving a floating hand and two men who were probably Loki and Odin. The three followed me around the whole time and one man repeated, “Curious, very curious!” over and over while the other yelled at me about different forms of chemical bonds. I remember yelling back, “No! I haven’t taken Chemistry in over two years! Please leave me alone!”
	My dream fades away, leaving nothing but a small fear of and confusion over hydrogen, and I am left thinking about my inevitable conversation with Loki. He seems to speak his mind the most when not directly asked, so maybe he’ll be the one to bring it up.
	Probably not, but whatever.
	I yawn, then swing my feet over the side of my bed. Instantly, a shiver runs down my spine as my toes touch bare floor. I stand and tip toe quickly to the closest rug then to my closet door and swing it open. Inside, I pull out a warm-looking green tunic and some pants. Once I’m changed, I pull on some boots and walk back out.
	Stretching, I make my way over to one of the curtains and pull it aside. When I do, I’m greeted with air that is thick with white puffy snowflakes. My mouth falls open and I swing the glass door wide so I can hurry out onto the balcony already covered in an inch of fresh snow. I look up at the sky, closing my eyes and smiling as the soft crystals fall against my face.
	I open my eyes and face the railing to look out over the garden. The flowers and trees are all covered, but somehow the frost hasn’t killed anything; the petals and leaves are all the same color as they were when Lifa and I first explored them. I turn my head slowly from side to side, taking in Asgard dressed in white. Everything that I can see from my small balcony is dusted in snow and looks like something from a movie.
	If I do get a chance to talk to Loki, it could very well be while we’re making a snowman.
	I lean down and pack some snow into a ball. I straighten, then pull back and chuck it as far into the trees as I can (which, I have to admit, isn’t that far). It flies through the air, then falls behind the foliage. A split second later there’s the sound of it hitting something and someone lets out a surprised cry. The tree tops swish and move a little, and I hear the sound of two people walking toward me. I make another snowball and wait, prepared to protect myself with the only weapon I have.
	When the people are just outside of my sight, they start talking. I grin as I hear Frigga shushing Thor’s loud whisper. 
	“Take up arms, mother,” Thor says, still very loudly. Frigga laughs.
	“Who goes there!” I call.
	Thor walks out of the trees, hands positioned in a passive, but not surrendering, manner.
	“Tis I!” he calls back. “Now if you would so kindly drop your weapon, we will not have to fight.”
	I roll the snowball in my cold hands, contemplating whether I should drop it and not risk an onslaught of icy spheres of snow. Thor can definitely throw farther and harder than I can so it’ll probably hurt. But against my better judgement, I decide not to surrender and raise the snowball into a throwing position. 
	“You drop your weapons and I will not start this fight,” I say, smiling.
	Thor grins. “Then now will be the time of war.” He pulls his arm back and throws his snowball. 
	I watch as it hurtles through the air, then dodge right before it hits me in the chest. The snow smacks against the wall and my hair gets dusted. I duck down behind the railing, peering through the bars. Another ball sails directly over me and lands on the floor of the balcony. This one had come from Frigga.
	“Hey!” I make more snowballs as quickly as I can. “Two against one!”
	“Do you wish to forfeit?” Thor asks.
	I pick up two more of my freshly made snowballs and stand up. “Never!” Then I start raining my white cannon balls down upon my adversaries.
	Thor ducks back into the trees and I watch, open mouthed, as Frigga holds one hand above her head and creates a magical umbrella that my snowballs bounce harmlessly off of.
	“Two against one and magic?” I say.
	Frigga smiles then uses an enchantment to form a snowball and throw it at me. I try to doge it, but the magic ball follows me and hits me in the back.
	I fall over and lay there for a moment. When I regain my breath, I rise to my knees and begin to make more snowballs. I stand back up and turn, ready to throw, only to see five snowballs hovering in the air and Thor holding six more.
	Sighing, I smile and let the snowballs I am holding fall to the ground. I raise my hands and say, “Okay, you’ve bested me.”
	Frigga lets the snowballs drop and Thor drops his as well. 
	“You put up a valiant effort, Lady Freya.” He bows.
	I curtsy slightly in return.
	Thor says something to the Allmother that I can’t make out, then they hug. Frigga smiles up at me, nodding her head before turning to go.
	“That was fun,” I say, as Thor walks up the spiral staircase to where I stand leaning against the wall.
	“I am glad you are not disappointed at our victory,” he says.
	“I would have won if your mom hadn’t whipped out her magic.”
	“Would you have?” he asks, laughs. “I am not so sure.”
	“Oh, you’re not, huh? Well then, guess what.”
	“What?”
	“I am one of the best snowball-fighters on Midgard. I would have dusted you both with my awesome snowballing abilities.”
	“Then perhaps a rematch at some later hour? Possibly when we have even teams.” 
	I hold out my hand and Thor grips it firmly. “To our next battle.” We bob our clasped hands once.
	“I shall prepare my troops,” he says. He waits for me to walk into my room before closing the door.
	“Even teams,” I remind him.
	“I shall have my mother and her magic on my side. You can have my brother and possibly his abilities if he acts accordingly.”
	“Rally the troops!” I cry, raising a fist and twirling as I speak. “We shall fight at dawn and it will be a battle all of the Nine Realms remember!”
	Thor laughs. “That will be because I am the one who wins.”
	I turn to him. “Or,” I walk up to him, “will it be because Loki and I completely and utterly destroy you?”
	“We shall see, m’lady. But until then, let us make a truce.”
	“That we will,” I say. “Oh! And speaking of your mom’s magic, I didn’t even realize she could do other things besides healing people. When she healed Loki in the dungeons, I guess I had assumed it was like an Asgardian mother sixth sense or something.”
	“She is the one who taught Loki everything he knows.”
	I open my mouth to say something, but all that comes out is ‘oh.’ It’s only fitting that Loki took everything his mother taught him and turned it against hundreds of thousands of innocent, defenseless people.
	“With magic comes great responsibility and sadly, my brother chose to use his power to control those weaker than he,” Thor says, speaking my thoughts.
	I nod, not knowing what to say. 
	He walks to the hearth and gets a small fire going.
	“Have you eaten?” he asks.
	“No.”
	“Neither have I. Shall we wake Loki and go to breakfast?”
	“Sure,” I say. Up until now, I haven’t realized how hungry I actually am and at the mention of food, my mind starts to fantasize about everything I haven’t been able to eat in the weeks I’ve been here. Pizza, bagels, cupcakes, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Pancakes. God, I could go for some pancakes right about now. Then an idea hits. “Thor,” I start.
	“Yes?” He looks up at me and, when he sees my smile, eyes me suspiciously.
	“Have you ever had a pancake?”
	“Er...no. Is it a cake but made in a pan?”
	“Well...yes, kinda. But they are delicious and I really want one right now.”
	“Then let us go and make one,” he says, standing.
	I walk over to my nightstand to get the key and once it is hanging around my neck, the two of us walk out. We cross the hall to Loki’s door and I knock. There’s no response so Thor knocks and calls his name. Still there’s no response. I unlock the door and open it enough to peak my head into the room.
	When I hear no sound from inside, I walk farther in. A corner blocks my view into the room.
	“I’ll just be a minute,” I whisper to Thor. He nods.
	I walk inside as quietly as I can. “Loki?” 
	I get to the corner and peak around it.  I see the bed and in it is Loki, sleeping on top of the covers, a book open half on the bed and half on his bare chest. His black, normally slicked-back hair hangs in messy waves.
	“Loki, we’re going to breakfast. Thor’s waiting for us.” 
	He shifts slightly, but doesn’t wake up. I try to think of a way to wake him up without having to shake him. I really don’t want our first encounter of the day to be him strangling me; that would not be a good way to start the morning.
	Looking around, I see that, like my room, Loki’s walls are lined with bookshelves. But, unlike my room, all the book shelves are completely full. I walk over to one shelf and pull a book out, deciding that maybe shuffling around will rouse him slowly and not make him quick to yell (or strangle). I look at the leather cover of the book I’m holding and on it, scrawled in fancy golden letters, are the words: Óendanleiki Steinninn, Yfirlit Sagan.
	“And I still cannot speak Norse,” I mutter, sliding the book back into it’s place.
	“What are you doing here, you stupid girl?” comes Loki’s half sleepy voice from behind me.
	I whirl around. He’s propped up on one elbow and watches me with narrowed eyes.
	“We’re going to make breakfast. Thor’s waiting and we’re all gonna make pancakes,” I say quickly, and turn. I begin heading for the door to leave but his voice stops me.
	“What?”
	I look at him. “You, me, Thor. Pancakes. Get dressed, we’ll be waiting outside your room.”
	I walk out, leaving Loki frowning at me. Thor closes the door when I’m in the hall again.
	“Is he awake?”
	“Yes. He caught me looking at his books,” I say, smiling. “And I confused him with the words ‘pancakes,’ even though you seemed to understand it pretty quickly.”
	Thor smiles. “Yes, but when you told me, I had not just awoken.”
	“That is true.”
	A minute later, the door opens and Loki walks out in his usual getup, holding a book. His hair, I notice, is straightened and slicked back again.
	“Good morning, brother,” Thor says.
	“Is it?” Loki asks.
	“Yes, it is. There’s snow,” I say. “And hopefully pancakes.”
	“Snow is merely perspiration, like rain or hail. It is not something to be marveled at,” he says. “I assume we are going to the kitchen, since the girl said something about cooking Midgardian delicacies.”
	“You do know I have a name, right?” Loki ignores me and focuses on Thor.
	“Indeed, we are,” Thor says. “Lead the way, Lady Freya.”

. . .

	“Okay,” I say, looking at the bowls and spoons and Asgardian measuring cups that litter the counter in front of me. 
	“What are the ingredients?” Thor asks.
	“I don’t know exactly because, sadly, I have not memorized the recipe. So I’m just gonna wing it.”
	“Let me rephrase my question then: what do you think the ingredients are?”
	“Flour, sugar, eggs, milk, baking powder, um...” I think. “I’ve made them so many ways. With my mom, we add a lot of cinnamon, but when I make it with my friend, Darcy, we put in vanilla. I guess we could put in both, if you have either of those things.”
	I feel a hand on my arm and look up. Thor has come around the counter and now is staring at me.
	“Is everything ok—”
	“Freya, did you just say Darcy?” he asks.
	I frown at him. “...Yeah...why?”
	He closes his other hand around my shoulder and holds me there, staring intently into my eyes. “What is her second name?”
	“You mean her last name?”
	“Yes, yes, that. What is it?”
	“Lewis. Why?” Thor’s eyes widen when I say this. “Are—are you okay?”
	He grips my shoulders tighter and steps closer.
	“Do you know anyone by the name of Jane Foster?”
	I nod. “Y-yes...” I say slowly.
	Loki looks up and in my peripheral vision, I see him roll his eyes.
	“What’s going on? I don’t get it.” I look at Loki then back to Thor, but neither of them says anything right away.
	“Did you hear of my banishment to your realm?”
	“Wait, you went to Earth?!”
	“Yes, did you hear any of what transpired?”
	“Lifa told me how you were banished to another realm, but I didn’t realize it was Earth.”
	“I was sent there by my father—”
	“Must we speak of this now?” Loki mutters. 
	“—And when I first arrived there, I believe I was in the territory of New Mexico.”
	“It’s a state, but keep going.”
	“The state of New Mexico,” Thor corrects. “Jane hit me with her vehicle and Darcy shocked me with some sort of electric rectangle.”
	“Jane hit you with her car?”
	He nods like being hit with a car is no big deal. “Yes, twice.”
	“Oh my god!” I bring a hand to my forehead.
	“Did you speak to Jane before you came here? Do you know if she is well?”
	“Oh my god!” I repeat.
	“What is the matter?”
	“You’re the one!” I poke his chest, but the action is awkward because he is still gripping my shoulders.
	“The...one?” The god frowns at me. “What do you mean?”
	“The guy! Darcy started telling me about how Jane met a guy who apparently had to move or something. She mentioned something about worm holes then Jane glared at her and she shut up,” I say. “You’re the guy, aren’t you?”
	“Yes, I suppose. Tell me, Lady Freya, is Jane well?”
	“When I last talked to them, yes. She was doing fine. At least I think. It was after the stuff in New York and when I brought it up, she got awkward then said she had to go.”
	“Perhaps,” Loki says, “it was because he never went to see her while he was on your measly planet.”
	“And why could I not, Loki? Answer me that!” Thor finally lets me go and turns to his brother angrily.
	Loki rolls his eyes and sighs as he stands. “I am well aware of all that I have done seeing as no one here lets me forget. And with that being so, there is no need for me to listen. This conversation was boring me anyway.” He turns to me. “If it is all the same to you, I’d like to return to my room.”
	“No. You are staying here and we are all making pancakes together, more or less as friends.”
	“Less would be preferable. But if I am to sit and endure your attempts at camaraderie, at least let me have some say in what occurs.” 
	“Okay, Loki. What do you want to occur?” I ask. I cross my arms and glare at him around Thor’s chest. “The only reason I’m trying to be friendly with you is because your dad told us to. And I really want to get out of here, so if I have to sort of be friends with you to do that, then that’s what I’ll do.”
	“But must this include baking?” It’s almost a whine.
	“You don’t have to help make them, just try the pancakes when we’re done.”
	“Thank you for lessening my pain,” he says then sits back down, opening his book.
	I open my mouth to say something, but close it. Don’t be rude; you’re trying to bring him closer, not push him away, I think as Thor and I return to the counter. But if I had known he was going to be this intolerable then maybe I wouldn’t have— No. That’s not true. Even if I had known well before hand that he’d be like this, I still would have sought his help. He is most likely the only one who has enough magic to even try opening the Bifrost, so we need his help. Maybe Frigga could help too, but I have one more day of ‘bonding’ to get through, so I need to take it one step at a time.
	I spend the next ten to fifteen minutes calling out all the ingredients we need as Thor and a cook (who’s name I think is Ingrid, but she grumbled it when I asked—I had dropped a bowl and she wasn’t very happy we invaded her kitchen) retrieve everything I call out. Substitutions are made when something—say baking powder—from Earth has a completely different name than it’s Asgardian counterpart. When this happens, I describe what it is used for, it’s taste, or what it does and then Ingrid would mutter something in Norse and walk off shaking her head, only to come back with what I described. She is very grumbly but also very helpful.
	When all of the ingredients are spread out on the counter, Ingrid leaves us. I tell Thor how much of everything I think we need and he measures out flour and sugar as I crack an egg into a small bowl.
	A little while later, I glance up to see how he’s doing. “No! Thor!”
	He pauses just as he’s about to dump a cup of sugar into his bowl. “What? You said two cups of sugar and only a few of these small spoons of flour.”
	“No, I said it was the other way around. If you put that much sugar in, they’ll come out like hunks of sugar hockey pucks.”
	“I see.” 
	I can tell he doesn’t know what I’m talking about as he slowly draws his hand back and dumps the cup of sugar back into it’s container. Then he measures out the correct amount of sugar and flour and pours them into a bowl together and we continue mixing and measuring and chatting lightly.
	“It’s just weird,” I start a little while later, after thinking about what Thor had said about his and Jane’s time together, “that Jane never talked more in depth about you. I would’ve thought she’d at least tell me how you met, but saying, ‘Oh, you know, I hit him with my car twice and it was love at first sight,’ would kinda be weird.”
	Thor chuckles. “I suppose it would. It could have also been that one of your government organizations was trying to put a stop to all her scientific endeavors.”
	I stop stirring the pancake batter. “Wait, what?”
	“After my father sent me through the Bifrost’s portal to your world, he then sent Mjölnir through as well. One of your government organizations found it and tried to conceal it from Midgardian eyes. I believe the organization’s name began with an S... perhaps it was Shield, but I am not certain. I tried to pull the hammer from the rock in which it had landed, but I...failed.”
	“You were not yet worthy,” Loki says from behind me.
	“You were on Earth as well, brother,” Thor says, his tone steely. “I am surprised you did not attempt to pull it from the stone.”
	“Oh, I did, but it was when you were in captivity.” Loki flips a page in his book. “I was also unworthy, if that isn’t painfully obvious.”
	Thor opens his mouth to say something but I cut in, “Both of you shut up! You’re just trying to get a rise out of each other and we haven’t even eaten breakfast yet!”
	“You are right, I apologize,” Thor says.
	“Thank you,” I say, ignoring Loki’s lack of response. “But now the pancake batter is ready and waiting to be baked, so!” I hold the bowl out to Thor. “If you are worthy enough for Mjölnir, you are worthy enough to start making these,” I say.
	Thor laughs, but then looks at the batter, worried. “You want me to—”
	This time I laugh. “Don’t worry, I’ll be right over. I’m just going to look for a spatula.”
	He nods and takes the bowl from me, then makes his way over to the stove top.
	I open a drawer, push around some spoons and giant forks and...nothing. I check two more, but still there’s nothing resembling a spatula anywhere. I dig through a jar full of various utensils and pull one out to look at it. The handle is made of wood and attached to it is a long metal rod that tapers to a point. I frown at it. What the heck do they use this for? Shrugging, I continue looking.
	A second later, there’s a tap on my shoulder. I jump, letting out a small shriek, and spin around. As I do, I put my left hand up, trying to block my face.
	Now it’s Loki’s turn to cry out and I watch, frozen, and he backs away from me, pressing his fingers to his cheek. 
	“Jesu— Loki, what the hell?” I cry.
	“I was merely going to ask if you needed assistance. I did not foresee my query bringing about your brandishing of a sharp metal object!” he says. 
	I look at his hands and from in between his fingers, I see red.
	“Oh my god! Did this thing cut you?” I start toward him, then stop and put down the sharp pokey thing. 
	“Wise choice,” he mutters.
	“I forgot I was holding it. You just startled me. Sorry.” 
	Loki pulls his hand away and looks at it. The tips of his fingers are covered in red and on his cheek, cutting perfectly across his right cheek bone, is a long, thin wound only slightly wider than a paper cut.
	“It’s not that big, okay, that’s good,” I say. “That means you can heal easily, right? With your...superhuman, god powers?”
	He rolls his eyes then grimaces and winces. 
	“Do you know,” he says, his voice sounding tight, “what is in the disk you so hastily attached to my skin?” I shake my head so he continues, “Poison. And because it is, in fact, poison, my abilities are weakened and thus I need...assistance.” He says the last word like it is hard to get out.
	He just asked for help. Loki, the God of Mischief, just asked me for help. Is this progress? Is he finally trusting me enough to ask me to help him? But he did say it was because he can’t do it himself...But he also could go and look at it himself, in a mirror. I technically don’t have to be the one who helps him. So I’m just going to go with the trusting—
	“Well?” Loki asks when I haven’t said anything. 
	I blink myself out of my thoughts. “Okay, right, sit down. Thor, can you get me a rag and some water?”
	Thor looks up from the pancakes. “What in Odin’s name happened?”
	“I hit him in the face on accident.”
	The god’s brow furrows, but he goes to get what I’ve asked for anyway. 
	Loki sits down in the chair he had been in before and moves his book to the floor. I pull a chair up next to him then find a stool to put the water on. I’m just sitting down when Thor returns, a bowl of steaming water, a brown cloth and a bandage in hand.
	“Thanks,” I say. He nods, setting them on the stool, and asks if I need any help. I say no, so he goes back over to make more pancakes. Props to him for figuring out how to do it without my help.
	I dip a corner of the cloth into the hot water and touch it to his skin, just below the cut. Loki hisses and pulls his face out of my reach. “Careful girl,” he snarls, his fingers pressed against his cheek.
	“Loki, I need to get the blood off your skin so I can put a bandage on it.” He purses his lips and a second later he straightens without looking at me, dropping his hand to his lap. I dampen the cloth again and wipe more blood away. I repeat this over and over and every time I do it, he flinches. Pressing my lips together and focusing on the cut, I hold his chin gently with my free hand and he (surprisingly) doesn’t pull away.
	When I have wiped away all the blood, I look at the cut. More blood has risen and threatens to drip down his cheek, so I wipe it away and as I do, I see a small glint of something silver. Part of the metal utensil must have chipped off when it hit him. Crap. First I poke him in the face, and now I have to tweeze a sliver out of his cheek without any tweezers. Crap.
	I wipe away more blood, and look closer, making sure I’m not about to poke his wound for no reason. The same bit of silver twinkles back at me, almost mockingly, and I sit back. Blowing air out through puffed lips, I drop the rag into the bowl.
	“What?” he says, staring at me.
	“Do you guys have any tweezers?” I ask.
	“Any what?”
	That would be a ‘no.’
	“There’s a sliver, and I need to get it out,” I say. 
	He sighs.
	“I need to get it out,” I repeat.
	“With what?”
	“Well, I would use tweezers, but seeing as you don’t know what those are, we’ll have to settle with this rag.”
	“Very well, go ahead.”
	“It might hurt a little,” I say.
	He nods.
	“Okay...”
	I twirl the rag so that it forms a slightly pointed tip. Then, holding the cloth in one hand, I use my other to carefully open the cut a little. As I do, Loki flinches and pulls away slightly.
	“Don’t flinch,” I say, glancing at him. He’s looking at me.
	“That hurt.”
	“Yeah? Well, it’ll hurt a whole lot more with you flinching. So stop.”
	He does, so I pull open the cut just enough for me to try to get the sliver out. I try once and look at the tip of the rag. Nothing. I try again, and still it doesn’t work. I’m going to need a needle. I try one more time, but it still doesn’t work.
	I sit back in my chair again.
	“Finished?”
	“No. I couldn’t get it out. I need something small and pointed enough to pull it out or push it out.”
	“A needle perhaps?”
	I nod. Loki nods and looks extremely uncomfortable.
	“It’ll be fine, it’s just going to take a second,” I say. I turn around. “Thor, can you get a needle?”
	Thor flips four more pancakes then turns. “Yes, I shall.”
	I turn back to Loki who has pressed his lips into a thin line.
	“Loki, don’t worry. It’ll just—”
	“I do not need your compassion.” He’s quiet and his eyes follow Thor out of the room. “You claim to know me so well,” he says once his brother is gone, “but have you ever gotten cut by a kitchen utensil?”
	I stare at him, my mouth open slightly. Did he just make a joke? A grin flickers across his lips. 
	“Well, have you?” he asks.
	I let out a short laugh. “I can proudly say I have not.”
	Loki smiles a little, but then it’s gone. His resistance to opening up is infuriating.
	“You say you know me so well,” I say. He raises his eyebrows expectantly. “But have you ever been tortured for countless hours.”
	Instantly he looks away and I watch, frozen, as his features harden. He says something I can’t catch so I open my mouth to ask, but he repeats it before I speak.
	“Yes, I have.” 
	Instinctively, I reach forward to take his hand and squeeze it, but I stop and let it hover in the air. I stare at it for a minute then grab his hand quickly. When I let go, he’s looking at me.
	“I...I’m sorry,” I murmur.
	“I have found one, Lady Freya,” Thor calls. He walks in and over to us. “Is this to your liking?”
	“Yeah, it’s fine. Thank you.” I take the needle he holds out to me.
	“Once you have finished, there will be pancakes waiting,” he says. He smiles. “I believe I have perfected the technique.”
	“I can’t wait. And sorry I didn’t help,” I call as Thor returns to the stove.
	“Do not fret.”
	I turn back around. “This will literally take thirty seconds. And if you want, I’ll tell you what I’m doing as I do it.”
	“Do not treat me like a child in need of reassurance.”
	“Okay, I wont, but right now I’m just going to hold your head still so you don’t move and make me poke you again. And now I’m just looking at it, okay?”
	“Did you not hear what I just—”
	“What you said earlier. That gives us two things in common.”
	Loki eyes me, clearly annoyed.
	“One: we’ve both been tortured and two: our dads both suck, at least to some degree. Yours is a hundred times better than mine.” I get the splinter out and rinse the needle in the water. “But that’s only what I’ve gathered from what I’ve seen so far.”
	“You have not seen much,” he mutters. “And if you are going to get the sliver out, do so.”
	I smile at him. “I already did.”
	“Then for Valhalla’s sake, drop your hand.” He grabs it, pulls it away from his cheek, pushes it at me roughly then stands. 
	He picks up the bandage and when he presses it onto his cheek, it blends in with his skin. He reaches down to pick up his book, and looks at me.
	“If we are to be traipsing about the palace for the day, I wish to retrieve another book.”
	I stand up and push my chair back to it’s place. Pointing at him, I say, “We are, and you can, but pancakes first, then we’ll go back to your room.”
	He rolls his eyes. “Very well.”
	We walk over to Thor who has put out three plates, each containing two huge, perfectly round, golden pancakes.
	Loki pulls a small piece of pancake off his plate and eats it. I watch him, waiting for his reaction.
	“This is...” he says as he pulls off some more, “...very good.” 
















Chapter 14

	Lifa walks out of my closet holding a dress with three-quarter length sleeves. I smile at her, then turn to look back outside at the night. The window nearest my bed gives me a view of a stone courtyard surrounded by shops whose windows bathe the snowy ground in golden light. People mill around in Asgardian coats and shawls, walking through the light snow.
	“What is it?” Lifa asks. 
	“Nothing—Well....” I turn. “Should I be this nervous?”
	“I think it is understandable,” she says, laying the dress out on the sofa.
	“Okay...” I take a deep breath and let it out slowly. “What if Loki can’t open the portal. 
	She shrugs. “I suppose whatever happens, happens. You will be able to get through whatever it is no matter what. You have all of us supporting you. And you are determined and stubborn, so that will help things work out in the end.”
	“I’m stubborn?” I ask, smiling. 
	“Stubborn enough to handle Loki.”
	I walk over to her and pull her into a hug.
	“You know,” I say, “you’re pretty wise for a kid. Or at least you’re pretty good at acting like it.”
	“Let us settle with true wisdom.” She laughs, stepping back. “But I greatly outnumber your age by hundreds of years, so I do not think kid is an appropriate term, at least in Midgardian standards.”
	“You have a point.”
	She smiles at me, straightens the comforter on my bed, and says, “You will be fine. But if that is all, I really must be going.”
	“Yeah, that’s it. Thanks, Lifa.”
	She curtsies and smiles wider, then turns to leave.
	“And learn to hold your tongue, or whatever it was the Allfather said!”
	“You are hilarious!” I call.
	Lifa grins at me over her shoulder. “I know!” she calls back. As the door closes behind her, I hear laughing.
	I change into my pajamas and walk over to my bag. Rummaging through it, my hand knocks against something hard and I pull out the Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien. I don’t remember putting this in here. I walk over to my bed with it and get under the covers. Then I open the book and begin reading. 
	By the time I realize I’m not tired in the slightest, I’ve read to page 75 and no muffled footsteps have passed my door in a very long time. It must be late.
	I look around with a sigh. Finally, not knowing what else to do, I pull on my warmest boots, put Loki’s key around my neck and find a warm thing that resembles a robe. Then I grab my book and open my door slowly, glancing up and down the hall. No one is around, so I walk to Loki’s door and knock. There’s some thumping and I call out softly, “Loki?”
	“Unlock the door, you imbecile,” Loki says, his voice muffled. 
	I do and he swings it open.
	“What?” he asks. Instead of his jacket, he wears a loose fitting green shirt and his feet are bare.
	“I can’t sleep.”
	“What makes you think I care? Especially at this late hour?”
	I ignore his questions. “Can I come in?”
	Loki sighs and rolls his eyes but, to my surprise, he steps aside. The door clicks behind me.
	“Is there a reason you are pestering me now, child?”
	“Were you sleeping?”
	“No.”
	“Didn’t think so.”
	I come to a stop and look around, taking in more of the room than I did when I woke him up this morning. There’s a sofa in front of me and I stare at it—then where I am hits me. What the hell am I doing here? I’m in Loki’s room, at night, and he can easily do any strangling he pleases. And no one will hear my screams—
	“What is it you need?”
	I turn around and look at him. “I-I should go, I shouldn’t be here...it’s not—You’re not—”
	“If you are afraid I will harm you, I—” It’s his turn to stop, and he sighs again, rubbing his eyes before looking at me.
	“What?” I ask in a whisper. He’s looking at me differently than he has before; his expression looks almost... soft... ish....
	“I will not harm you.” He doesn’t say anything else as he walks over to his bed and picks up a book. Lounging back against the pillows, he begins reading. 
	I watch him, not knowing what to do. Loki being kind of nice is not a normal occurrence...but, then again, I did come over here....
	Shaking myself out of my confusion, I walk around to the front of the couch and sit. I pull off my boots, my robe slipping off my right shoulder as I do, and cross my legs. I start reading again and for a while, we’re both quiet. 
	I hear Loki get up and start to pace around the room behind me. I glance over at him; he’s still reading but is frowning at the book. 
	Turning back around, I try to read more but his footsteps begin to quicken and get louder. I close my book with a sigh; I can’t concentrate with all this pacing. I turn around in my seat and fold my arms on the back of the sofa, looking at him. “What are you reading?” 
	He doesn’t respond as his eyes continue down the rest of the page. Finally, still pacing, he says, “It is called, ‘The Elves of Svartalfheim.’ I am trying to see if they have the power to cause whatever has happened to the Bifrost.”
	“Do they?” I ask. “What does it say?”
	“Nothing,” he says, fanning through the pages he’s already read. “I have found absolutely nothing.”
	“Do you still think it was them, then?”
	“I never told you what I believe, if I am recalling correctly.” He looks at me.
	“Then who do you think did it?”
	“I am not certain, but if I am correct, there are forces at play unknown to even the great Allfather.”
	I raise my eyebrows at him, assuming he will go on. When he doesn’t, I say, “Well? What are these other forces?”
	“I do not know,” he mutters, coming to a stop. He slaps the book closed and throws it away from him. It hits the floor with a dull thud and slides into a wall.
	This is just perfect. Loki has a completely different theory that doesn’t have any logical evidence. Not yet, anyway. And if he’s right and there is something else out there keeping the Bifrost shut, that makes my chances of leaving even slimmer, and they were slim to begin with.
	I sigh and look back down at my book. My right arm still dangles over the back of the sofa and I hear Loki walk closer. I’m not going to get any more reading done tonight.
	“So I’m not leaving,” I say.
	“That is not what I said,” Loki says, his voice quiet.
	“That’s what you were implying.”
	“I was not implying anything in the slightest,” he says. “What is this?”
	“What is what?” I’m about to turn around when I feel his cool finger tips on my shoulder. I stiffen as he traces the small star inked there. 
	“You mean my tattoo,” I say, shifting a little.
	Loki draws his hand back, seeming to realize he’s been touching my shoulder this whole time.
	“If that is what it is called,” he says. He straightens and looks down at me. “What is it?” 
	“It’s a long story,” I pull my robe over my exposed shoulder, “a really long story.”
	Loki chuckles a little as he walks around to a chair sitting across from me. “Trust me when I say this, Freya: I truly have all night.” 
	My jaw drops, and I stare at him. Did he just call me ‘Freya?’ I quickly go back through my stay in Asgard and try to recount every conversation I have ever had with him. Has he ever called me anything but child, girl, mortal, wench...imbecile? No...I don’t think he has.
	Loki smirks and sits down in the chair. He rests his elbows on the arms and clasps his hands in his lap, waiting for me to talk.
	“S-sorry, um...alright.” I pick up a small cube from the sofa table in front of me. It looks like it’s made of dark green quartz and I fiddle with it as I talk.
	“When I was ten, my dad was still relatively nice. I mean, he had never played dolls or house or anything, but we’d wrestle and play tag—I’d always win. But, anyway, at this point my parents had been fighting enough for me to notice. I think I was just hoping it was normal arguments that all parents have, but it was happening a lot and over absolutely nothing. My dad slowly became more and more controlling and strict with school work and stuff. He always needed me to go to my room at certain times so that he could have some free time, even though all I ever did was read or draw. 
	“It was in April, on April Fool’s Day—April First. We call it April Fool’s Day; it’s dedicated to pranks. You’d probably really enjoy it, actually.” Loki grins a little, then nods for me to continue. “So my mom and I thought that, since it was April Fool’s Day, it’d be funny to trick my dad into thinking we got tattoos. I was ten so it was illegal, and my mom would never let me get one that young, nor did I want one at that age. We ended up finding some temporary ones at the store and we put them on so my dad would see them when he got home from work. I got a star like I have now, in the same place on my shoulder. I wanted it to be visible. My mom got this little fancy ladybug on her upper back.
	“When my dad got home, we were both wearing tank tops and trying not to laugh and give it away. But I cracked,” I laugh a little. “I went up to him when he came in and said, ‘Daddy, look what I have!’ then I spun around and showed him. And...then he grabbed me by the shoulder and spun me back around to look at him. He started yelling at me and asking what I’d done to my skin. I tried to tell him it was fake and that it was just an April Fool’s joke, but he was shaking me and yelling too loudly to hear me.
	“My mom ran over, and tried to pull him away from me, but he turned to her and started screaming even louder, which didn’t even seem possible. He just wouldn’t stop yelling and I didn’t know why—” I stop and press my lips together as hard as I can, trying to contain the sobs starting in my throat. “That was—” My voice cracks. “That—”
	I lean over and cover my face with my hands, shaking my head.
	“Take your time,” Loki murmurs.
	I nod, not looking up. 
	Finally, when I think I can make it through a sentence, I sit up and rub my eyes. Loki is staring at his hands, but glances at me when I move.
	“I’m good now, er...I think,” I say, laughing a little. He nods, then looks back at his hands. “They yelled back and forth for a while but suddenly it stopped, and then he slapped her. And that got them yelling again. I didn’t know what to do and just stood there completely frozen.
	“My mom told me to go up to my room and I said no and then my dad spun around and started walking towards me. He raised his hand and I screamed because he looked scary and I didn’t want him to slap me. My mom stopped him by grabbing his arm. She told me again to go to my room, and I did. But I stopped on the stairs and looked around the railing and saw him throw a book at her; it hit her in the jaw. Then I ran upstairs and wrote a note that said, ‘Speak friend and enter,’ which is from this book series...” I point at the Lord of the Rings book sitting on the cushion next to me. “I knew my dad had never read them, but my mom had, so she’d get the sign. I taped it to my door then locked myself in and cried on my bed for a while.”
	I stop and look at Loki. He is staring at something over my head and doesn’t seem to realize I’ve stopped talking.
	“So...I, uh, tried to get the tattoo off with nail polish remover because I thought he’d stop being so angry and scary.”
	“Did it come off?” He’s still staring off into space.
	“No,” I say, laughing humorlessly. “It didn’t come off for three weeks.”
	Loki finally looks at me, brows furrowed. “Did your father get...”
	“No, he didn’t get better, if that’s what you were going to ask. That day was the beginning of the end.”
	He smiles for a fleeting second.
	“When I turned eighteen, my mom and I got the same tattoos we got that April Fool’s Day, but this time they were real. I think it was a way of separating ourselves from him, maybe because we had something he didn’t approve of. I don’t know....”
	“That makes sense,” Loki says quietly. “I know what it means to have something that separates you from others.”
	He flexes his fingers, and I look at his hand. It has turned blue and the color reaches into his sleeve. When he sees me watching, the blue fades.
	“Well.” I look at his face and smile. “That is how I got my tattoo.”
	He nods, leans back and watches me. “Fascinating,” he says, grinning.
	I stare at him for a moment before I begin laughing. Loki smiles wider and laughs too. This is the first time I’ve heard him laugh, and it’s nice not to hear him angry, dripping sarcasm or on the verge of exploding.
	“Why are you looking at me like that?” he asks.
	I shake my head. “It’s nothing.”
	“I’m sure,” he says, pushing himself up. He walks over to his bed and sorts through some books. He picks one up and walks back over to the chair. 
	“Now tell me,” Loki says, “what is so special about a book containing the line ‘Speak friend and enter?’”
	I pick up my book. “It’s one of my favorites: The Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien.”
	“What is it about?”
	“Hobbits, dwarves, elves—nice elves, by the way—and wizards and humans.”
	“Yes, but what happens in it?”
	“Do you want me to read you some?” I ask. I glance up at him.
	“If you so desire,” he says, waving his hand to tell me to go ahead.
	I raise my eyebrows at him, then flip to the first page of the book and begin to read. I get a couple pages in and glance up to see his reaction. He nods, a look of concentration on his face, and I continue. 
	A while later, after I’ve gotten farther in, I look up again. Loki is sitting with his head resting on his hand. His eyes are closed and he looks peaceful.
	“Loki,” I whisper.
	“Why have you stopped?” he asks, not opening his eyes.
	“I thought you fell asleep.”
	“I was not asleep; I was listening.”
	“Oh really? What happened then?”
	He cracks his eyes open. “The party has started and Bilbo Baggins just disappeared, the crowd is astonished; carry on.”
	I smile and keep reading. 
	
. . .

	I read for at least another hour and a half. By that time, I’m fighting to keep my eyes open and I have to focus all my energy on the page.
	“Freya?”
	I blink up at Loki.
	“You are exhausted, and quite honestly, it is painful to hear you read each line three times.”
	I nod, rubbing my eyes. Then, putting down my book, I take off my robe and bundle it into a pillow shape.
	“Do you wanna read something? I’d love to hear some Asgardian literature,” I say.
	“That was my intention when picking out this book.” He flips it to the first page.
	I lie down and watch as he shifts in his seat. He looks almost shy as he opens his mouth to start. When he finally does though, the look disappears and excitement glows in his eyes.
	It starts out in a small town in a realm called Vanaheim. The story introduces a man who makes all the money for his family because his wife has to take care of the children. But he has to leave because a war breaks out somewhere. He leaves behind his family, who have to try to make do without him.
	As he reads, my eyes flutter shut. What seems like a second later, I hear my name.
	“Freya,” Loki says.
	“Hmm?” 
	“You were asleep.” His voice is a whisper.
	“I wasn’t sleeping,” I mumble. “I was listening.”

























Chapter 15

	Yawning, I roll over and blink at the bright morning sunshine. Light floods in through the open curtains, pushing its way through my eyelids and breaking apart the remnants of a bad dream that included needles (of course). Didn’t I close them? 
	I blink some more and prop myself up on one elbow. There’s a table in front of me—that isn’t my table—and on the other side of that is a chair with a book on it. And that isn’t my chair.
	“Oh my god,” I mutter. I’m still in Loki’s room.
	I sit up fully, pausing to stare at the brown blanket covering my legs. That wasn’t there when I fell asleep last night. 
	“Thank you for the blanket,” I say, swinging my legs to the floor. There’s no answer. I begin to fold it as I say louder, “I said, thanks for the blanket.” Still no answer.
	I pull on my boots. “Are you seriously still asleep? You woke up pretty quickly yester-” I turn to look at the bed. Loki isn’t in it.
	“Uhhhh.... Loki?” I call, standing up and pulling on my robe. I walk over to the bathroom door and knock. “Loki? Are you in there?” I don’t hear anything from inside, so I open the door and peak my head in. Sure enough, Loki is nowhere to be found.
	“Oh no,” I whisper. I turn to face the door that hangs slightly open. Since I slept on the couch, I never locked the door. That means he had a chance to leave and, as he’s not here, he obviously took it. Damn it.
	I check to make sure I have the key before I swing the door open and almost run into someone.
	“Lifa!” I cry.
	She jumps when she sees me. “Freya!”
	I glance up and down the hall, seeing if Loki might be coming back. He isn’t.
	“Lady Freya, I was just coming to wake you. The meeting is in three hours’ time.” She looks past me. “Why were you in Loki’s room?”
	“Um, well....” I push past her and open the door to my room, pulling her in behind me.
	“What is it?” she asks, frowning at me.
	“Last night I couldn’t sleep so I went over to just talk to Loki for a little while. Then I ended up falling asleep on his couch.” I fidget with one of the strings on my robe. “And, well, I never...locked the door.”
	“What?”
	“I never locked the door and Loki...er....” I pause.
	“And he what?” Lifa asks, staring at me worriedly.
	“Loki isn’t in his room,” I say.
	“What?!” she cries.
	I grab the dress off of the sofa and run into my closet, slamming the door behind me. A few seconds later there’s pounding and Lifa’s yelling.
	“You lost him?”
	“Yes!”
	“Freya, he could be anywhere in the palace!”
	“I know!” I pull on the dress and swing the door open. “I was hoping you might be able to narrow that down, though.”
	“Me?”
	“Yes, you! You’ve lived here your whole life. You know where he might be better than me,” I say, starting to pace around the room. I haven't taken off my boots....
	“Valhalla help us,” she murmurs. “Well...hmm....” She thinks for a second. “Perhaps the library?”
	“Great! Okay.” I walk over to the door. “How do I get there?”
	“If you take your first right and go all the way to the end of the corridor there should be an archway on your left. Good luck,” she says. “I will wander around and see what I can hear.”
	“Thank you.” 
	I run down the hall and turn right, not stopping when I almost run into a woman carrying a bucket of soapy water.
	“Sorry!” I yell.
	The woman yells back in angry Norse.
	I pass at least four doors and archways, all on my left, before I get to the one I need. When I do finally get there, I’m out of breath and shaking from nerves.
	There’s a window in front of me and I walk over to it and lean against the sill to catch my breath. Outside, the snow I saw last night has almost completely melted and now patches the bright green grass with pristine, sparkling white. 
	Once I’ve caught my breath, I turn toward the archway and the stairs that are visible inside. The echoes of voices bounce their way down to me. I can’t tell whose voices they are, so, praying one of the people is Loki, I start up the stairs.
	As I get closer to the library, one voice is the loudest.
	“Comfort, mother?” Loki yells. “I am confined to my room. Wherever I wish to go, that girl must be escorting me. How am I to find comfort in that?”
	For some reason, his words sting a little. I guess I shouldn’t really be surprised, but I thought we had bonded at least a little last night.
	“Loki, you knew the consequences of your actions.  This is no one’s fault but yours,” Frigga says.
	I reach the top of the stairs and am about to peek inside, but change my mind. It probably wouldn’t be a good idea for them to find me listening in. At least it wouldn’t be a good idea for Loki to find me right now. 
	I sit down, my back pressed against the wall next to the door.
	“My actions,” Loki repeats. “Have I not been promised a kingdom? Have I not, since I was a child, been fed the lie I am to be a king?”
	“That does not excuse your actions. A king would not kill hundreds of innocent mortals,” says the Queen. 
	“What of Odin’s actions, then? He has killed plenty more people than I!”
	“Loki, your father—”
	“HE IS NOT MY FATHER!” he screams.
	I jump and push myself farther away from the door. I shouldn’t be hearing this. I should get up and go back downstairs until they’re done talking.
	“Then am I not your mother.”
	“You are not,” Loki says.
	The Allmother laughs, but it’s humorless. She says something too quiet for me to hear and then footsteps make their way down a staircase inside and towards the door. I freeze, afraid she will reprimand me for eavesdropping.
	Frigga walks out of the library, blinking rapidly. She glances at me and smiles.
	“I—” I scramble to my feet. “I am sorry, I meant no disrespect!” I attempt something that’s a combination between a bow and a curtsy, but the Queen shakes her head.
	“Do not apologize, Freya. Curiosity gets the best of us at times; you have done nothing wrong.” She touches my shoulder. “Talk to him.”
	“What?”
	“Talk to him,” she repeats.
	“He won’t talk to me!” I say a little too loudly. I lower my voice. “He doesn’t even listen to me, let alone care what I say.”
	She chuckles, squeezes my shoulder, then turns and makes her way down the stairs and out of sight. I stand and stare at the steps, trying to figure out why she laughed, and also whether I should actually go inside the library or not. 
	I have two options and both include inevitably angry gods—I don’t think Odin would be very happy with me if I ditched his son. I choose the god closest to me and timidly peek my head around the door.
	The room is a giant circle. The domed ceiling is at least twenty feet above my head and made entirely of glass. The walls are almost completely covered in bookshelves jam-packed with books of various sizes. A spiral staircase leads up to a second story and on this second story stands Loki, looking out a window. His hands are clasped behind his back.
	I push the door open, a small squeak of protest coming from one of the hinges. The god’s eyes dart to me and I freeze. He doesn’t say anything, just turns and walks away from me.
	Once I’m sure it’s safe, I walk in and continue to look around the room. A rail connects to the shelves and one of those rolling ladders is attached to it. I’ve always loved libraries, and this has to be the coolest one I’ve ever been in. 
	Trying to contain my excitement, I walk over to the rolling ladder and climb up several steps. I grip one of the rungs with one hand and push off against a shelf with the other. The ladder rolls, picking up speed as I continue to push off shelves and the wall. Soon I’m almost flying around the room, and the shelves and books rush by in a blur.
	I climb a little higher just as I pass a window. As I pass, I look out and see people walking on a path far below.
	I close my eyes and let the sensation of flight take over.
	“What in Asgard’s name are you doing?” 
	Suddenly, the ladder stops moving. My eyes fly open as the momentum makes me lose my balance and my hands slip off the ladder. I start to fall back, but Loki grabs my wrist and pulls me back against the ladder.
	When my eyes were closed, the ladder had gone to the section of rail attached to the upper level and that is where Loki crouches.
	“It may be wise,” he says, “to get down before you hurt yourself.”
	I nod and he lets go of my wrist. He straightens and watches as I climb back down the ladder. 
	Now that I’m standing on solid ground, Loki repeats his question. “What were you doing?”
	“What did it look like I was doing?” I say, walking over to a chair and plopping down in it.
	“Well, it looked like you were being extremely reckless and stupid.” He comes down the spiral stair case, walking along the far bookshelves.
	“Maybe I was, but it was still fun.” I cross my arms and watch him look for a book.
	He pulls out a volume and flips through it before putting it back.
	“Why are you here?” he asks.
	“Because I woke up on your couch and you were gone,” I say, pushing myself up.
	“Thank you for leaving the door unlocked, by the way,” Loki says, a smile in his voice. “That was very kind of you.” He finally finds the book he’s looking for and tucks it under his arm. Sitting down in another chair, he opens the book and begins reading.
	“Oh yeah, about that. You should have wakened me before you left. We could both have gotten in trouble.” I try to make it sound scolding, but it comes out more annoyed than anything.
	“Should I have?” He glances at me, smirking.
	“Yes.”
	“It is not my fault you neglected your duties. You were the one that didn’t lock the door; I should not have done anything.” He looks back down at his book.
	“I thought we—” I cut off. “You know what? Never mind. I don’t care. This is impossible; you are impossible.”
	I sit back down, grab a random book off a shelf and open it. It’s all in Norse so I pretend to read it. What I said wasn’t entirely true. I do care. I care enough to try to create a tolerable relationship so that I can leave.
	“What were you going to say?” Loki asks.
	I ignore him.
	“You thought we what?”
	I hear him sigh and close his book.
	“Freya, I—”
	I finally look at him. “Odin said we have to get along and I thought that last night we had bonded. Even just a little. But what I heard makes me think I’m wrong.”
	His eyes narrow. “What you heard makes you think you’re wrong? Tell me, Freya, what did you hear?”
	I’ve said something wrong. I’ve slipped up and Loki noticed. Shit.
	“Um...” I press my lips into a line.
	“Well?”
	“When I first got here, I heard you and your mother talking and you—”
	“Why were you listening?” he asks.
	“I came up and you were talking. I didn’t try to come when I did.”
	Loki stands. “That conversation was not for you to hear!”
	I stand up as the air fills with his anger.
	“I know, and I’m sorry. It’s just when you were talking you still seemed really cold about how—”
	“About how I am forced to have an escort? About how I can never go anywhere privately?” he yells, walking toward me. “Are my feelings not justified in your eyes? How would you feel if you were locked away by your father? How would you feel if you were a prisoner in your own home?”
	He stops when he’s a few feet away from me. His eyes glow with anger.
	“I—Your feelings are justified. I understand that it must be infuriating never to be trusted enough to be let out of someone’s sight,” I say as calmly as I can. “And to be perfectly honest, my dad never really enjoyed my company as I got older for whatever reason, so I understand that. But you can’t say that it’s unfair you need an escort and are locked up in your room at night now that you’re out of the dungeons. That isn’t unfair because you brought it on yourself, Loki. You did that to yourself when you tried to take over my planet. It’s no one’s fault but yours!”
	Loki gets in my face in one long stride.
	“It would be smart to watch your tongue, Freya,” he hisses.
	“I’m just telling you the truth.” I back up a little, trying to get out of his line of reach, but before I can, he grabs me and pushes me against one of the book shelves.
	His hand is around my throat before I have time to register what’s going on.
	“Loki, what the hell!” I gasp.
	His eyes turn red.
	“Loki!” I say as loudly as I can. “Let me go!”
	“Get out of here.” He throws me away from him with shaking hands.
	“Loki—”
	“Get out, Freya!” His hands have turned blue and in an instant, his face changes colors too. 
	Raised markings swoop over his cheeks, forehead and skin. A small gasp escapes my lips and I can’t bring my eyes away from his face. 
	“Get. Out,” he hisses.
	I get up and walk to the doors without looking back, even though I want to. When I swing the door open, though, I come face to face with Sif.
	“Lady Sif!” I exclaim, dipping my head. 
	“Good morning, Lady Freya. I have been told by the Allmother that you and Loki have spent the morning in the library,” she says.
	“You could...say that,” I mutter.
	“Is something the matter?” She frowns.
	“No, we just, um, had a somewhat loud discussion.” I rub my throat.
	“Are you alright?”
	I nod.
	“I am glad to hear all is well.” Sif looks around as if just realizing I’m alone. “Where is Loki?”
	I point to the library doors that have swung shut behind me.
	“I will speak with him, but first I must tell you that the Allfather has decided to have the meeting earlier than he originally planned. Have you eaten?”
	“No, not yet.” I’m about to tell her why, but stop when I realize my explanation would include telling her how I left the door unlocked.
	“Neither have I. I will accompany you both to your meal and then we shall go to the meeting of the Council together,” Sif says. “I shall be back.” 
	She walks into the library and I hear her tell Loki what she told me. A moment later, Sif returns, followed by an annoyed looking Loki.

. . .


	I walk into the Council room behind Lady Sif and Loki. The warrior sits in what must be her usual seat and Loki takes a seat next to a person I don’t know. Thor motions me into the seat between him and his brother.
	Once I’m seated, Odin quiets everyone and starts the meeting. First they talk about barbarians and wars that have broken out. Apparently the Bifrost had broken once before, but it was actually broken then, not just refusing to work.
	They continue to talk about what to do about the wars and I begin to wonder why I’m even here. Are they ever going to talk about the Malekith problem? If they aren’t, why are we in this meeting? It’d be much faster to just go down to the Bifrost and try to open it now.
	“Lady Freya,” Thor says.
	I look at him. “Yes?”
	“What have you to say on the matter?” Odin asks, looking extremely put off.
	The matter? The matter of wars? 
	“What matter are we talking about?” I ask.
	“The Bifrost. Freya, if you are not going to pay attention, you may leave,” he says.
	“No! No, I’m sorry, I’m paying attention. I was just thinking about something else. Sorry.” I wait, but no one says anything. “Can you repeat the question?”
	The Allfather sighs, but repeats what he said. “I asked if you remember anything Malekith told you when you were with him. Perhaps why he needs you for whatever he’s planning.”
	“I was mostly unconscious.”
	“Are you sure he didn’t say anything to you?” Thor asks.
	“Um...” I think back to the time on his ship. “I asked him why I was going with him and he said it was because I might be special.”
	Odin strokes his beard. “Do you know what he meant by that?”
	“No. That’s all he said.”
	“Do you remember anything else?”
	I think harder. “He did tell me that he’d stop sticking me with needles if I did something. But they happened to inject me with a needle right then so I wasn’t paying attention,” I say. “Oh, and then later, he said I needed to help him find something, I think. Again, my insides felt like lava, so I wasn’t really aware of anything else.”
	Odin is quiet as he thinks. 
	I glance at Loki, who’s watching me, eyes narrowed. I raise my eyebrows, trying to ask him ‘What?’ without saying anything. He just smirks and turns to look at his father when Odin finally talks.
	“I was hoping you would remember a little more than that,” the Allfather says.
	“Sorry to disappoint.”
	“Do you remember what I told you about that elf in the dungeon?” Loki asks. Everyone looks at him.
	“Yes,” Odin says.
	“Well, he was mistaken,” Loki says. “Malekith needs Freya to find something and I believe that something is what the elf assumed he already had.”
	“What thing?” I ask. I’m ignored, of course.
	“Doesn’t that prove it, then?” 
	Odin watches Loki with a strange look on his face. “What are you implying?” he asks.
	“There’s another,” Loki says.
	“That’s impossible, Loki. There are only six and there have always been only six,” Fandral says.
	Loki turns to him, raising one eyebrow.
	“There could possibly be something powerful that the Dark Elves want, but it is certainly not another Infinity Stone,” Fandral continues.
	“Fandral, tell me. Do you have proof to the words you speak?” Loki asks.
	Fandral frowns. “No, but it’s impossible!”
	I look at Thor. “What are they talking about? What’s an Infinity Stone?”
	Thor looks like he’s about to answer, but the Allfather cuts everyone off, “This is not what we are here to discuss!”
	“Father,” Thor says, “it would make sense. Heimdall did say he saw—”
	“Thor!” Odin barks, glancing at me. “This is a discussion for another time.”
	Thor doesn’t say anything.
	“Now, back to why I have called this meeting. We must try to open the Bifrost and that is why Loki is here. I have decided to allow him a small bit of his magic. It should be enough to open the Bifrost, unless it is closed off tighter than I believe.” He turns to me. “Once it is open, we will revisit the matter of you leaving and what that entails, but for now let us meet with Heimdall.”
	Everyone stands, so I do too. We walk out of the Council room, down some hallways and some stairs. Every now and then a few people break off, saying their goodbyes, until it’s only Odin, Frigga, Thor, Loki, the Warriors Three, Lady Sif and me.
	We get to two large doors and the Allfather swings them open. Outside are stairs that lead to a path. And this path leads to a long, shimmering bridge. The large golden globe, the Bifrost, attaches to the end and extends a little ways past the edge of the sea, hanging out into the nothingness.
	“Oh my god,” I murmur.
	Thor laughs. “It is beautiful, is it not?”
	I nod. “Is that the Rainbow Bridge?” It’s a dumb question, but I just want to make sure.
	“Yes, it is,” he says.
	We walk down the path in silence and after a while, we get to the edge of the bridge. I hold my breath as I step on, not knowing what to expect. When my foot touches the weird colorful surface, white light laced with strands of color spread out and away from my boot.
	“Oh my god!” I squeal. This gets another laugh out of Thor and an annoyed look from Loki. 
	As we walk, my gaze shifts from the giant metal beams keeping the bridge up and back to the bridge it’s self. The color’s seem to shift as slowly as we walk and I get so mesmerized by them that I almost run into Volstagg when we stop at the end of the bridge. 
	A man in golden armor stands at the entrance to the Bifrost and when we approach, he clasps his fist over his chest.
	“My king,” he says, dipping his head toward Odin.
	“Hello, Heimdall,” the Allfather answers.
	Thor leads me closer and I can’t help but notice Heimdall’s eyes. The irises are gold and he looks blind and not blind all at the same time.
	He must notice me watching him.
	“Hello, Freya,” Heimdall says. 
	“How do you know my name?” I ask. This is probably another dumb question.
	Heimdall smiles. “I am the watcher of all the Nine Realms. I can see everything that transpires...at least I could until Malekith broke through. Now I can see only this one.”
	“Oh, I’m sorry.”
	“Do not apologize.” He turns back to Odin. “You wish to reopen the Bifrost using Loki’s magic.”
	“Yes,” Odin says. “He is to have a limited amount for security reasons, but it should be enough to open the Bifrost.”
	Loki scoffs. “If I am to do this, let us get on with it.” He pulls up his sleeve, exposing the metal disk, and holds his arm out to his father. Odin touches the edge and moves his finger like he’s turning a dial. 
	When he finishes, Loki smiles. The god disappears only to reappear farther inside the Bifrost. “Oh, this is much better!”
	We all follow him inside.
	Loki is standing on a raised platform with stairs leading up to it. He looks at a slot in the ground, then back at us.
	“The sword,” he says, holding out his hand. Heimdall walks up the stairs and hands Loki a sword. “Now stand back, it may get a bit uncontrollable—if it works.”
	Thor puts his arm around my shoulders and we all stand in the doorway.
	Loki readjusts his grip on the sword and I see magic crackle through the air and into the sword. He takes a deep breath and raises the sword in the air. More energy crackles into the sword and he plunges it into the slot in the ground.
	Lightning shoots out of the sword’s hilt and spreads throughout the room. There’s a loud crack and the walls shimmer. Then the electricity disappears just as quickly as it had come.
	No one says anything and I look at Thor to see what’s going on, but he just shrugs.
	Loki turns to us with a grin and bows. “This is when you thank me,” he says.
	Heimdall says something to Odin then walks into the Bifrost. “This is not when we thank you.”
	“My success is to go unacknowledged?” Loki asks. “How rude.”
	“It didn’t work,” Odin says.
	“What?” I cry.
	“It must have worked,” Loki says. “You all saw the walls shimmer.”
	“Yes, we did,” Heimdall says. “But, unless I am blind to everything but Asgard, your attempt failed.”
	Dread begins to make it’s way down my spine and my hands start to shake.
	“Freya, are you alright?” Thor asks.
	I shake my head and keep shaking it as I duck under Thor’s arm. 
	I’m not going home. I’m trapped here.
	I turn, ignoring everyone’s calls to come back, and start to run back towards the castle. I sprint as fast as I can, racing the rainbows as they shift and churn. A second or ten minutes later I’ve made it back to the path and I follow it to the right. 
	It leads me around the edge of the castle and past some trees and bushes. I continue to sprint until I can barely breathe and my lungs feel like they’ve shriveled into raisins.
	I find a bench and sit down, looking around to figure out where I am. The bench is surrounded by trees and above the tree tops I can make out a bridge connecting two parts of the castle.
	I place my elbows on my knees and my forehead on the palms of my hands and sit there, trying to calm down and make the panic go away. Closing my eyes, I take deep breaths which turn into shaky breaths which turn into shuddering breaths which turn into me hyperventilating. I try to get control of my breathing, but no matter what I do, I can’t.
	One thought spins through my head, making my panic grow: I’m trapped here and I can’t leave.
	I’m trapped on another realm and it could be forever and I can never go home.
	I cover my mouth as sobs try to break through my rapid breathing. When they do, they sound like coughs and gasps, and they hurt.
	“That does not sound healthy,” Loki says. 
	I look up to see him standing on the path watching me.
	“Odin is not pleased with you,” he says. He walks over and sits down next to me. “You should think twice before running off next time.”
	“Send him — my — apologies,” I gasp.
	Loki chuckles. 
	“What was that odd noise you were making?”
	“I was...crying,” I say, when I can finally speak.
	“I know what crying sounds like, and that certainly is not it,” he says.
	“That’s what it sounds like when you’re hyperventilating at the same time.”
	“Well, it was extremely disconcerting, so do not do it again.”
	I glare at him. “I am so sorry that my crying was bothering you. It’s not like I just learned I’m never going home.”
	“I wouldn’t say never.”
	“Then what would you say?”
	“Most likely never.”
	I stand up and turn on him.
	“Do you think that makes me feel better?” I yell.
	“I thought it would put you a little more at ease.”
	“But it doesn’t, Loki! I just found out I’m stuck in a different realm most likely forever and I can’t leave. I can’t talk to my mom or my friends to tell them I’m okay and not kidnapped!”
	Loki glances up when there’s a small crack. “Freya, please calm—”
	“I will not calm down!” I yell, becoming suddenly aware of the tingling in my fingertips. It seems to grow as I yell. “I have a right to be angry. I got ripped out of my life by a Dark Elf. He crushed my arm with his bare hand and then injected me with stuff that burned my insides.” 
	I see him look up again at another, louder, crack.
	“And you don’t care. But I don’t know why you’d care.” I throw my hands in the air. “I’m freaking out and you just sit there and—” More cracking. “And you just sit there!”
	“Freya. Calm down,” he says, starting to rise in his seat.
	“No! Don’t tell me to calm down. You don’t—” This time the crack is extremely loud, and I look up just in time to see the tree branch before it hits me in the head.
Chapter 16

	I’m awake, or half awake at least, but everything in me is telling me to go back to sleep. My body is lead and trying to wake up fully feels like swimming up through wet cement. 
	Slowly, voices start to filter their way through my grogginess. A man and a woman are talking on either side of me. The woman asks about the signs of something and the man answers. Is that Thor? I feel his hand smooth down my hair. Yeah, that’s Thor. 
	There’s a distant throbbing in my forehead that feels like it’s trying to make its way to the back of my brain, but I can’t bring myself to figure out why it hurts.
	I’m slightly more awake now and I realize I’m lying in a bed. A big, comfy, fluffy bed; I’m in the infirmary...again. 
	Now when the woman—Eir, that’s Eir—speaks, I can make out what she asks.
	“Was that the only sign?”
	I feel the pillow move as Thor places his hand above my head. “That was all I witnessed. She never informed me of any other strange occurrences,” he says. “I suppose she could have neglected to tell me and brushed them off as side effects from her time with the Dark Elves.”
	“I believe that is exactly what happened,” Eir says, walking a little ways away before continuing. “She would not have experienced anything like this before.”
	I hear clinking of glass vials and bottles and then the healer returns to the bedside. 
	“Now, Thor, you are positive that was the only indication of anything?”
	“Yes.”
	“You are positive?”
	“Yes! I never—”
	“When we were in mother’s sitting room, she shocked me,” Loki says from somewhere by the bottom of the bed.
	“She shocked you?” Thor asks.
	“Why have you only spoken of this now?” Eir says, her voice tight with annoyance.
	Loki sighs and I imagine his eye-roll.
	“No one ever asked me.” 
	“We never thought it necessary, Loki,” his brother growls. “We thought you would tell us if anything happened when you were alone with her.”
	“It was so obvious, brother,” Loki says, the smirk clear in his voice, “I am surprised it took the mighty Thor so long to figure it out. And I am especially surprised it took you so long to piece it together, Eir.”
	“I had my suspicions,” Eir says. “But I did not want to voice them until I was sure.”
	I shift a little. Finally, my eyes decide to open and I blink up at the ceiling high above me. Immediately, Thor comes to sit on the edge of the bed. 
	“Freya! How are you?” he asks, staring at me.
	“Um...” I push myself up into a sitting position and try to ignore the small pulsing in my head. “Okay, I think. How long have I been out?” 
	“Only a few hours.”
	I look around a little. I’m in a larger room this time, with more than one bed in it. Curtains hang from rails, waiting to separate the beds from one another. 
	Loki sits in a chair at the end of the bed with his feet propped up on the baseboard, a book open in his lap.
	As I turn back to look at Thor, my head throbs and I wince.
	Eir holds out the vial I heard her get. “Drink this. The pain will subside for a while.”
	I nod and down the liquid without question. 
	“Thank you,” I say, sighing as warmth fills me and travels up to my head. The pain disappears completely. 
	I lean against the pillows. Thor and Eir look at me, worried. Loki glances up from his book, a slightly concerned, slightly amused look on his face.
	“...What...?” I ask.
	“What do you remember before you went unconscious?” Eir asks. “I must be sure your memory has not been damaged.”
	“Right...” I think for a second, recalling the events of the day. “After I woke up”—I glance at Loki who has returned to his book—“Loki and I went to the library and then Lady Sif found us. We went to the Council Meeting, then to the Bifrost. I met Heimdall. Loki couldn’t open the portal, and I ran.... And then Loki found me and I started yelling and a dead tree branch cracked and hit me on the head.”
	Eir and Thor exchange a look.
	“What? Did I forget something important?” I look at Loki. “Did I?”
	He just looks at me, even more amused than he was before.
	“What?” I cry. “Thor! What is it?”
	But Eir is the one who speaks, “You did not forget anything important, you only included one false detail in your recollection.”
	“Did I skip across the Rainbow Bridge instead of run?” I ask, trying to hide a smile.
	Loki laughs.
	“No,” Thor says.
	“Then what? You guys are being really vague and mysterious. Just tell me.” I look at Eir then at Thor. “Guys?”
	Loki is the one who finally speaks. “The branch wasn’t dead.” 
	I frown at him.
	“But it cracked,” I say. “Live tree branches wouldn’t just fall like that. It must’ve been dead.”
	“Loki is correct,” Thor says. I look at him. “The branch that fell was not dead.”
	“Well, maybe the tree was...old,” I say. What are they hiding?
	“The trees in that clearing are old in Midgardian standards, but to Asgardians they are young, fairly new,” Eir says. “The branch did not break on it’s own.”
	“Uh.” I look at all of them, taking in Thor and Eir’s worry, Loki’s cool amusement. “S-so what’re you saying?” I say.
	Eir sits on the bed next to me. “Freya, you were the one who broke the branch.”
	I sit in silence and frown at the bedspread as I take this in. I was the one who broke the branch. But how? 
	I open my mouth to ask, but Loki has already read my mind.
	“Is it not obvious?” he asks as he slaps his book closed. When I don’t say anything, he sighs and drops his feet to the ground, leaning toward me. “You have magic, you stupid girl.”
	We stare at each other for a moment: Loki waiting for my reaction, me trying to see if he’s serious.
	Then I burst out laughing.
	Loki rolls his eyes and sits back in his chair, clearly annoyed.
	“You can’t be serious,” I say in between laughs. 
	In response, he just raises an eyebrow at me and my laughter begins to fade. I look at Thor, then at Eir, who’s glaring at the God of Mischief.  
	“But he’s not serious, right?” I ask.
	“Loki,” Eir says, not answering my question, “we were going to tell her gently—”
	“Would that make any difference?” he asks. “She does not believe me now, she would not believe you then!”
	“But. He’s. Not. Serious. Right?” I repeat slowly. They all look at me and I know that they’re telling the truth... I guess I already did. But it’s crazy, right? “He can’t be serious. I can’t have magic. It’s impossible.” Even to my own ears I don’t sound convincing.
	“No, Freya,” Eir says. “It is not.”
	“No, that’s impossible,” I say. “Impossible.”
	Thor tries to take my hand but I pull it away and squeeze my hands into fists, not fully registering my finger nails as they bite into my palms.
	How is this possible? 
	“How do you know?” I ask, glancing at Loki.
	“You broke the branch—”
	“What more than that?” I snap, cutting him off. He looks slightly stunned when I ask this, but I keep going. “If that’s all, it could just be coincidence.”
	“But it isn’t,” he says.
	“Then just tell me how else you know! You were talking about signs earlier so you must know something!”
	“How do you know we were discussing the signs? You were asleep,” Thor says.
	“Just because my eyes weren’t open doesn’t mean I was asleep,” I mutter.
	“My first suspicion was when you, er, appeared on the railing in the tower when I was showing you around the castle,” he says.
	“So I teleported?” My hands begin to grow numb. I relax my fists, but it doesn’t help.
	Thor nods.
	I nod.
	“Okay,” I say weakly. “Is there anything else?”
	“When we were in my mother’s sitting room, you shocked me,” Loki says.
	“Static?” I suggest, even though I’m one hundred and ten percent sure it’s not because—
	“I flew into a sofa,” he says, frowning at me.
	—because that.
	“Is that all?” My head has started spinning and I feel like everything is slowly tipping to the left.
	“There is one more thing,” Eir says. I grip the blankets and squeeze them until my knuckles turn white. “When you were first brought here—” I stare at a wrinkle in the covers “—I gave you medicine to begin healing your wounds. Normally, it would take a week at least for a mortal to show results. You, however, responded after being here for no more than a day and a half.”
	I open my mouth to speak but I can’t say anything around the lump forming in my throat.
	“You would not have been able to heal that quickly without magic. Even Asgardians who do not possess magic take at least two days to heal.”
	I lean forward, holding my head, my elbows digging into my legs. I’m going to be sick or I’m going to faint or I’m going to scream.
	In my peripheral vision, I see Loki stand, motion to Thor and walk out of earshot. They talk in hushed whispers for a few minutes, then Eir goes over, leaving me at the bed alone. As the three of them talk, I take deep breaths trying to steady myself. 
	Okay, I think, okay. I have magic, but what do I do?
	It’s not so bad, right? It hasn’t hurt me. It did fling Loki back but in my defense he deserved it. 
	It’s not so bad...but what do I do?
	When you grow up reading books like Harry Potter or The Lord of the Rings, magic is this thing that every kid wants, even though they can never have it. When Harry was brought into the Wizarding World, he had Hagrid to help him; Frodo and Sam and Pippin and Merry had Gandalf. All the main characters who get tossed into worlds or situations they don’t expect ultimately have a mentor of some kind. I get slammed into Norse mythology and I get a Loki. He hasn’t been much help.
	Someone places their hand on my shoulder and I look up to see Thor standing next to me.
	“Freya, are you well?” he asks.
	I shrug. “Eh.”
	“Loki wishes to speak with you...in private. Are you well enough for me to leave you alone with him?” He looks at me with concern in his blue eyes.
	“Eh,” I repeat.
	He raises his eyebrows.
	“Yeah, Thor, I’ll be fine,” I say, grinning. 
He shakes his head. “Eir and I will be back shortly. I am going to fetch my mother and father. They must be informed of what has happened.” Thor takes my hand and kisses it, then follows Eir out of the room.
	When the door has clicked shut, Loki walks over to the window that’s next to my bed and gazes out. I sit up and clear my throat, “Well?”
	“Well what?” he asks, not looking at me.
	“Well you wanted to talk to me.” I lean against my pillow. “So...spill it.”
	“In Odin’s name, you are testy, aren’t you?”
	“Testy? You said you wanted to talk to me, I’m kinda in shock, and every second feels like a millennia, but I am really very sorry if I’m being impatient.”
	Loki sighs like talking to me is a chore. Then he pulls his chair to the head of the bed, sits down and looks at me, exasperated.
	“Oh, I’m sorry,” I say. “Did you want to keep looking out the window?”
	He shakes his head and briefly pinches the bridge of his nose. “You still think this a mere jest.”
	I scowl at him. “No, I—”
	“You do. If you have forgotten, a small quantity of my magic has been returned to me and it is enough to be able to read your feelings.”
	“But I believe you.”
	“Do you?”
	“I know you aren’t lying.”
	“Yes, but that is not the same as believing.” Loki stares at me, searching my eyes, trying to find something with the limited magic he possesses. “Tell me your doubts.”
	“Couldn’t Malekith have just transferred some magic over to me through all those needles? It seems like a pretty big coincidence that I have magic after all that he did to me but there were no signs before.”
	“Were there truly no signs before?”
	There was this one time when I was eight. I was playing bloody murder with some friends in the backyard and I kept hearing scary noises. I kept wishing I had a flashlight and then when it sounded like the scary noises were coming closer to me, I wished harder than I had before. It felt like something knocked against my leg and in my pants pocket was a small LED flashlight I didn’t remember grabbing.
	“So there were signs,” Loki says, smirking.
	“Not really!” I cry a little too forcefully. “I could’ve just put the flashlight in my pocket.”
	This just makes his grin grow wider.
	“Malekith just gave me magic,” I say. “I never really had it. I’m just a human girl.” 	Then Malekith’s words from when I was captured float back to me: Because you’re special, at least I think you are.
	“Nonononono,” I whisper and drop my head into my hands. “I am not special!”
	Malekith was right, or at least he made himself right.
	“He gave it to me,” I say, trying to convince Loki, trying to convince myself.
	“You keep insisting on this but it is not true,” Loki says.
	I look at him. “But he must’ve?” I say it as a question but I still know I’m lying to myself.
	“It would be impossible. Malekith may have triggered the magic within you, but he certainly did not give it to you. Magic cannot be transferred from one being to another, it can be brought to the surface only if it is already within you.” Loki smiles at me. “It is as much a part of you as is your stubbornness to deny it.”
	I close my eyes and rub them, little fireworks erupting behind my eyelids.
	“But,” he continues, “I honestly do not understand why you are taking this to be such a burden.”
	“Shut up,” I whisper.
	“Really, once you learn to control it, it is a gift. I—”
	“Loki.” I look at him. “Shut. Up. Or I’ll shock you again.”
	“Will you?”
	“No, but I’m more than capable of punching you,” I say, staring him down.
	“And I am more than capable of squeezing the life out of you.” 
	“Will you?” I ask. 
	He sits back in his chair, his face completely unreadable. “No.”
	I let out a breath I hadn’t realized I was holding.
	Just then the door bangs open and Odin walks in, followed closely by Frigga and Thor. Loki, still sitting in the chair, pushes himself away from me and stands. I sit up more, trying to look respectful in the Allfather’s presence (though I don’t think looking respectful will redeem myself in the King’s eyes...er, eye).
	The Queen smiles at me. “Freya, how are you?”
	“Better, thank you.” I glance at Loki but he doesn’t look at me.
	“I am happy to hear that,” she says, following my gaze to Loki.
	The door opens again and Eir walks in. She nods to Odin.
	“Thor informed us of what happened,” he says. “Does she truly have magic?” He eyes me.
	“Yes,” Eir, Thor and Loki say simultaneously. I look at each of them and try not to laugh.
	The healer catches my half-hidden grin and tries to hide hers as she opens her mouth to speak, but stops when the door opens for a third time. Lifa peaks her head in and a little boy appears in the doorway. 
	“Hal, no. Stay with me!” Lifa whispers. Hal stares from the Allmother to the Allfather to Thor. When his eyes land on Loki, he gasps and disappears behind Lifa’s skirt.
	“Allfather, my apologies,” she says, walking fully into the room, Hal clinging to her dress. She curtsies and keeps her head bowed. “I meant no disre—”
	“It is quite alright,” Frigga says. Lifa looks at her. “What brings you here, child?”
	“Thor saw me in the halls and told me Freya had gotten hurt. I wished to see if she is well.” She looks at me.
	“I’m fine—”
	“She is,” Odin says, cutting me off. 
	I blow air threw my lips as I try not to roll my eyes.
	“Now go, we are discussing something of great importance.”
	Lifa curtsies, thanks no one and everyone, grabs Hal’s hand and rushes out of the room.
	“I’ll come see you when I’m out!” I call but the King has already closed the door. This time I can’t hide my eye roll. 
	Odin regards me cooly before he turns to Loki, “I had decided to send you back to your cell.” 
	“You what?” the god hisses.
	“Do not speak, I have not finished. I had decided to send you back to your cell but because of these recent events, I have since changed my mind. You will be allowed to remain out of your cell if you help teach Freya how to control her magic. You are still required to be in her presence during the day and you will also be guarded at night.”
	Loki looks offended. “Why can’t Frigga—”
	“Because this is your punishment.”
	I look offended.
	“And because you are already required to be by her side. You should be happy; I am allowing you to keep the limited magic I have returned.”
	“I am her guardian now?” Loki asks.
	“No, she is still watching over you, but now you both have duties to one another.”
	“Is that supposed to ease any misgivings I may have?” 
	“Loki, my decision is final. I want to hear nothing more of this.” Odin looks at me, nods, then turns and leaves. 
	Frigga smiles at me, wishes me well, gives each of her sons a hug then follows her husband out of the room. Loki, Thor, Eir and I are left to look at one another.
	“Ah,” I croon. “Do you have misgivings about being my teacher?” 
	Loki gives me a pointed look.
	“So you’re not gonna help me control my magic?” I ask.
	He rolls his eyes and sighs. “I will help you if it means staying out of confinement,” he says. Then he sits, opens the book he had been reading before and angrily stares at the page.
	He isn’t Gandalf or Hagrid, but maybe Loki isn’t quite as bad as I thought.


























Chapter 17

	Boy, was I wrong.
	“Try again.” Loki paces back and forth behind me, walking from one end of the garden’s courtyard to the other. 
	I blow air out through puffed cheeks then focus on zapping the leaf I’m holding. I stare at it, narrow my eyes, focus harder but it stays just as green and unsinged as before.
	There has been no sign of magic since the branch fell on my head a few days ago. Since then I’ve tried using the electricity I can apparently produce to throw a rock; it didn’t work. And I tried for practically the whole day with no break. Loki also told me to try to light a tree on fire. I told him I would definitely not try to light a tree on fire so he walked away, muttering something about how pointless these lessons were and how incompetent I am. I didn’t practice that day.
	I sigh, and twirl the stem between my fingers. “It’s not working.”
	“Try again.”
	“I’ve already tried fifty times and nothing’s happened!” I say, spinning to face him.
	“I do not care,” he says, his hands clasped behind his back as he stares at me. “Try harder.”
	“I have been trying! I’ve been trying for the last four days!” I cry. “I haven’t been able to go see Lifa because I have been trying. But it’s not working!”
	Loki purses his lips.
	“And how would it?” I continue. “The only times I’ve ever done anything magical were on accident, so how the hell am I supposed to know what to do? Do I just wave my arms and say bibbity-bobbity-boo, then bang you’re thrown clear to Jotunheim?”
	“It would be wise to watch your tongue,” he says coldly.
	“Why? What’ll you do? You already said you wouldn’t strangle me,” I say, a little too self-confident.
	“I did, indeed, say that.” He takes a step toward me and, before I have a chance to get away, wraps his hand around my throat. But he doesn’t squeeze. Instead he pushes my chin up with his thumb, making me look him in the eyes; they twinkle with amusement. “But do remember, I am the God of Lies so I seldom keep my promises.”
	Then he squeezes my neck for just a moment to show me what he means, and lets go.
	I stumble back, my heart racing.
	“Now try again,” he says, his voice steely. “You can stop once something happens.”
	I straighten, about to say something, but decide against it. I don’t really want to be threatened again. Or strangled. Or threatened then strangled.
	Turning back around, I hold the leaf a little ways out in front of me. Like before, I stare at it and focus. I stand like that for what seems like an hour but was probably only five minutes or so, then I shift and spread my legs out shoulder width. I stare at it for five more minutes without anything happening.
	The only times anything happened were when I wanted something. When I thought it would be cool to fly, when I wanted Loki to let go of my hand, when I was angry because I wanted—still want—to go home. Maybe my magic comes the easiest when I’m angry? I shouldn’t count on anger to fuel it; I’ve seen too many movies and read too many books where that was proven to be a bad idea. Maybe just once though...just to see if it works...like a science experiment.
	If I am angry, then my magic will come.
	“Well?” Loki asks.
	“Shut up, Loki.”
	“Are you even trying?”
	“Shut up.”
	“You do not look like you are trying. What in Asgard’s name are you doing?” 
	“Loki. Shut up.” I stare at the leaf.
	“Perhaps, if you had known you possessed magic when Malekith took you, you would have been able to save yourself. Perhaps—”
	“Loki,” I say. “Just shut up!” Suddenly, warmth floods into my finger tips and there’s a flash of light. Electricity zips across the leaf’s surface and then all I’m holding is a charred stem.
	I gasp and turn, holding it out for Loki to see. He looks smug, his arms crossed over his chest. I copy his stance.
	“You did that on purpose,” I say. “You could tell what I was thinking.”
	He grins. “I do not know what you are referring to.”
	“Right.”
	“You may go now, if you wish.”
	I drop the stem.
	“You have to come with me,” I say.
	“I know.”
	As I walk past him, headed toward the path leading back to my room, I realize I hadn’t been that annoyed or angry. Not really.

* * *

	The next morning, I wake up from a dream where I could control the elements. A nice change from my other dreams.
	I sit up, yawning, then swing myself out of bed and walk over to the closet. As I’m opening the door to go in and change, someone knocks. 
	I hurry over to the other door and open it. Lifa smiles at me and Hal peeks his head around her leg.
	“Hello, Freya,” she says.
	“Hi. Perfect timing, I actually just woke up.” I open the door wider to let them in.
	“My mother and father are not home for the duration of the day and my brothers are...somewhere...so I have to watch him today.” Lifa motions to Hal who is goggling at my room. “I hope you do not mind.”
	“No, not at all!” I say, crouching down to look at her brother. “Hi, Hal.”
	He looks at me, eyes wide, then ducks behind Lifa.
	“Hal, say hello to Lady Freya. That is not very polite of you.” Lifa pulls him in front of her. I try to stifle a laugh as he tries to hold on to the back of her skirt. “Just say hello, then you may play with some toys if you wish.”
	“Hello, Lady Freya.”
	“Hello. You can play with your toys over there if you want,” I say, pointing to the two chairs by the fireplace. The little boy nods, waits for Lifa to say it’s all right, then rushes over.
	“He’s not usually this shy,” Lifa says, apologetically.
	I shrug. “I’ll be right out. I just gotta change.” I begin to walk back over to the closet, but stop when I remember someone I’m forgetting. “And then I should probably get Loki now so he’s not too ticked off later.”
	“I have been curious about something.”
	I step into the closet and close the door. Lifa walks closer so we can still talk.
	“Loki has had his magic returned, yes?” she calls.
	“Yeah, er, most of it anyway. Why?” Dress or tunic?
	“If he was given his magic back, would he not be able to teleport through his bedroom door?”
	I pause in the middle of pulling a sleeveless lavender dress off its hanger. 
	“I don’t—I dunno,” I call. “He was only given a little of it back—he told me it wasn’t enough to be able to read my mind fully—so maybe it’s not enough to be able to teleport? Maybe?”
	Taking off my ‘pajamas’, I pull on the dress. It flows down to just above my ankles and ripples when I walk over to pick out a pair of flats.
	Once I’ve changed, I open the door.
	“You have a very good point,” I say. “I’ll ask him when I go get him.”
	“You do not have to if it would risk your safety,” she says.
	“It won’t, I don’t think...” But then again one can never tell what will set him off. “I’ll go get him right now.” 
	I pick the key up from my nightstand and open my door and cross over to his. After knocking lightly, I wait. There’s a muffled groan and some shuffling, then an exasperated, “Yes?”
	“Uh... Do you want to come out?”
	A heavy sigh follows my question. I take this as a yes and unlock the door.
	A half-awake, fully dressed Loki opens it. 
	“I see you are bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning.”
	“I will never understand your peculiar Midgardian sayings.” He rubs his eyes, stifling a yawn.
	“Do you want me to come back later so you can sleep for...the rest of the day?”
	“No.” He steps around me and walks through my open bedroom door. 
	“Ooookay.” I close the door and hurry into my room before anything bad can happen. 
	When I enter, Loki is sitting on the sofa flipping through a book, and Hal and Lifa sit by the fireplace, Lifa in a chair and Hal playing by her feet. I walk over to them and sit in the other chair.
	“So,” Lifa starts, looking briefly at Loki. “You truly have magic?” 
	“Yeah,” I say, watching Hal roll a wooden wheeled horse across the floor. He crawls over the marble, making small neighing noises.
	“That is very odd, is it not?” She eyes Hal as he begins to crawl farther away. “Did you know this before you came to Asgard?”
	“No, not really. I guess there were some signs but none that couldn’t be explained by something.” I look over at Hal just in time for him to push his horse across the floor toward Loki’s foot. “Lifa, your brother—”
	Lifa whips her head around then stands. “Hal, come back here! What are you doing?”
	He looks over his shoulder at her. “I’m playing. His foot is a mountain for the horse.”
	“No, it is not. Loki does not want you to pretend his foot is a mountain.” All the blood has rushed from her face and she’s trying not to let her voice shake. “So please come back and play over here.”
	Hal frowns then rolls his horse over Loki’s foot. Loki stares at him. Hal raises his head to look at the God of Mischief and squeaks, then rushes back over to us.
	“What did I tell you?” Lifa cries. Despite his fear, Hal responds with a giggle and sits to play with his horse some more.
	I look over at Loki and he looks back, glances at Hal sitting on the floor, shakes his head and goes back to reading his book.
	“You have been misbehaving all day. I am bringing you to mother so she can hear of everything you have been doing.” He looks up at her, more terrified now than he was being confronted by Loki.
	Suddenly, he springs up. “Do not tell mother!” he says. “Please!”
	“You didn’t listen to me,” Lifa answers.
	“Lifa, I promise not to do it again.”
	“Really?” She raises an eyebrow.
	“Yes! And it was only a joke! He didn’t mind it too much! It didn’t hurt him or anything.”
	Lifa sighs, places her hand on his shoulder, and begins to lead him out. The last thing I hear before the door swings shut is Hal whimpering, “But he’s wearing green, Lifa!”
	I laugh and glance at Loki, catching the end of what might have been a little smile.
	Looking back at the fire, I stare at an unburnt log that sits on the edge of the embers. Catch on fire. Nothing—I continue to glare at it. Move! 
	Still nothing.
	I point my finger at it and swish my hand through the air as I whisper, “Wingardium Leviosa.”
	Again nothing happens.
	“Win-gar-dium Levi-o-sa!”
	“What are you doing?”
	I look back at Loki. “Nothing. I was just...uh...trying to move the log. It’s just a spell from a book series.”
	“Is it from the novel with the...Hobbits?”
	“No, it’s from a different series.”
	“Ah.” He looks like he wants to ask me something but keeps his mouth shut.
	“Do you want to read more?” I ask, smiling.
	“Er, yes.”
	“Okay.” I stand and walk over to my bag hanging from the hook on the wall and fish around inside for the book. I pick it up and turn. “Now, be careful,” I say, walking over to Loki with the book clutched to my chest. “It’s precious...my precious.” 
	“Yes, of course. May I have it now?”
	My reference goes right over his head, but not for long.
	I hand it to him.
	“Where did you stop before?” He fans through the pages and I notice how he glances away when he reaches a part he knows he hasn’t read yet.
	“I don’t really know. I read a lot and was half asleep.” I let out a short laugh. “I dog-eared the page, though.”
	Loki looks at me, bewildered. “What?”
	“Never mind, just give it to me.” I sit down on the edge of the sofa, accidentally sitting on his leg. I look at him. “Sorry.” Then I flip through the pages until I find one with a creased corner. I skim over the words, nod and hold the book out.
	He takes it and his thumb brushes my finger. 
	“Where did you leave off?” 
	I point to the paragraph, looking at him for just a moment before I stand. “Well, I’m just going to draw, enjoy.”
	I pick my sketchbook and pencil up from the nightstand, and return to the chair by the fire. I feel eyes on me but when I turn around, Loki’s reading.
	Opening my sketch book to a clean page, I look around for something to draw. On a table is a vase with an odd looking flower in it, so I begin to draw that. The petals are shaped like long, misshapen hearts and some of them form a cup. It looks like a cross between a snap dragon, a daffodil and a lily. 
	About an hour later, I’m jolted from my drawing by Loki slapping the book closed.
	“It is time we resume your practice.”
	I look at him. “Did you finish?” 
	He nods.
	“You are a fast reader.”
	“Yes, I am. Now let us go,” he says and swings his legs to the floor.

. . .

	I frown at the leaf in my hand. Loki decided, again, that a good exercise would be to burn more leaves and so far I’ve only singed two. Which, I guess, you could say is a good start even though I have only been singeing them because I’m mildly pissed that this is all I’m doing.
	“How many more leaves do I have to singe for this to be over?” I ask, not turning to look at Loki who has been sitting and staring out over the hillside. 
	He had led me to a completely different part of the garden this time. Today I stand on a hill that leads to a field full of bright yellow, blue and pink wild flowers.
	“How many have you singed?” he asks.
	“Two.”
	“Then, if I remember correctly, that would mean forty-eight more.”
	I groan. “If I was doing this on earth, I could be convicted for arson or something. Or being a pyromaniac.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Well, arson is when you set fire to things on purpose, usually for personal gain, and being a pyromaniac means you just like setting things on fire.” I crumple the leaf and let it drop to the ground. “I’m done.”
	“No—”
	“Yes. I don’t want to singe any more leaves. I’ve only singed two the whole time we’ve been here and the only reason I’ve managed that is because I’m annoyed about burning freaking leaves for hours.” I walk over and sit down, leaning against a tree trunk. Loki sits against his own tree trunk a little ways away. 
	“Why must you be so stubborn?” he asks, looking at me. He doesn’t look mad; he doesn’t sound mad. He just looks overly tired.
	“Why are you so tired?”
	“I...could not sleep well last night.”
	“Why?”
	“I do not have to explain myself to you, mortal.” He goes back to watching the hillside.
	I sigh, and turn my attention out over the hillside as well. The flower covered field leads to the edge of some smaller buildings, obviously part of the castle due to their shininess. To the right, the field leads to a cliff and just beyond the cliff I can make out the sea that falls over the edge of Asgard and into nothing.
	We sit in silence for a few minutes, then I get up, pull a giant leaf off a tree and poke two holes in it. I rip a small strip from another section then hold it up to my face and look out the two holes. 
	When I look at Loki, he’s already staring at me.
	“Hello,” I say through the leaf mask.
	He covers his face with his hands and I think I catch a fleeting smile.
	He drops his hands and rests his arms on his bent knees. “I honestly do not see what you are trying to accomplish.”
	I place the leaf in my lap, smiling down at it. I just accomplished it, I think. “Nothing,” I say. “So I was wondering earlier, how do you stay in your room? Can’t you just teleport out of it?”
	Loki looks at me and shimmers, almost completely disappearing only to reappear in the same exact spot. 
	“Oh... But didn’t you teleport when you tried to open the Bifrost?”
	“Yes, but Odin thought I possessed too much magic. So, now, just as I do not possess enough magic to read your thoughts, I do not possess enough magic to teleport even a short distance.” He watches me for a moment. “What else have you been wondering?”
	“Nothing, really. It’s just...if you guys exist, Norse gods I mean, then do others? Like the Greek gods and Roman gods and Egyptian gods?”
	Loki smirks. “Are you not satisfied knowing some gods exist? I would have thought that to be enough for one Midgardian mind to handle.”
	I should have known he would find some way to insult me. “My Midgardian mind can barely handle being in Asgard,” I mutter. “I just thought that if anyone knew about other gods, it would be a god.”
	“I suppose they could, though they would have to exist outside of the nine realms,” he says, no trace of annoyance in his voice (to my surprise). “Which would be very unlikely,” he adds quickly.
	I begin to pull apart the leaf mask.
	“I have a question for you,” he says after a moment’s hesitation.
	“Shoot,” I say without looking up.
	“In...what was it...the Fellowship of the Ring?” He looks at me. I nod. “In that book, there were the creatures known as the Nazgûl.”
	“Yes. They were called Ring Wraiths too. I actually read somewhere that J.R.R. Tolkien, the author, based them off of a Draugr and that a Draugr is pretty much the Nordic version of a zombie. But, I mean, those can’t be real.”
	“That is what I was going to ask you, in fact,” he says. “Though I must inform you that they do exist.”
	“What?” I feel my face go pale. “No.”
	He nods, grinning, amused by my fear. 
	I look around, out over the hill, in the trees. 
	“Here?” I unintentionally draw closer to him.
	Loki wrinkles his nose. “Here? No. Of course not. We would not allow such wretched creatures here. No.”
	“Good,” I murmur. “Then where?”
	“They have not been seen for hundreds of years, so do not fret. If there are any, they most likely inhabit the darkest corners of Hell.” He looks at me for a second. “Why are you so close?”
	“Oh, I, uh.” I sit up and scoot back over to my tree trunk. Then I clasp my hands together and, as sarcastically as I can, I say, “If anyone could save me from nasty zombie creatures, it would be you.”
	“If you knew how to use your magic then you would not need to be saved,” he says, standing. “Now I suggest you get up before I experiment with the limited magic I have.”
	“Touché,” I whisper as I scramble to my feet. I pick up a leaf and am about to try to catch it on fire when Loki knocks it out of my hands.
	“You are not doing that. I agree, it is pointless.” He paces back and forth in front of me.
	“So...what am I going to do?”
	“Patience,” he murmurs.
	“You’re telling me to be patient.”
	He stops, only three inches away from me. I look up, only now realizing just how much he towers over me.
	“I am telling you to be patient,” he whispers. “And it would be in your best interest not to test mine.”
	I nod frantically and he resumes pacing.
	“I was thinking about what you said yesterday,” he says.
	“Okay.”
	“What I have decided is this: you must learn how it feels to use magic before trying to use it. You must learn the process it takes for magic to ignite inside you.” He stops and faces me. “Once you have learned this, magic will come much more easily to you.”
	“What do you want me to do?” 
	“I want you to concentrate. Close your eyes and focus your attention.”
	I wait for him to say more.
	“Well?” he asks. “Close your eyes.”
	“Oh, sorry.” I close my eyes and stand there. Part of me realizes that he could seriously hurt me right now if he wanted to—I’m vulnerable, I can’t see. However, I don’t think he will. “Soooo...now what?”
	“Stand right there.”
	“Loki, I have my eyes closed. Where’s ‘right there’?”
	Feeling his hands on my shoulders, I stiffen, but all he does is lead me to where I think is the crest of the hill. He lets go but continues to stand behind me.
	“Now focus.”
	“What am I focusing on?”
	“There are two main sources of magic. Your mind—” I feel him poke the back of my head. “—and your heart.” He touches the center of my back. “I want you to focus your magic in your chest.” He jabs me with the tips of his fingers. “When you do this, you will have more control. So far, your magic has only come when you are distressed. That is good when it is needed, but if you rely on your emotions at all times it will exhaust you.”
	I nod. He drops his hand.
	“Now. Focus.”
	I stand there, feeling Loki’s eyes on the back of my neck, and try to remember where I felt the magic coming from the last few times. He’s right, of course. Now that I think about it, my head did feel a little light. I kept brushing it off as annoyance.
	“What—”
	“Focus.”
	“I have a question.”
	He sighs and I ignore it.
	“What does it feel like—what should it feel like when I focus my magic other places besides my mind?”
	“I imagine it is different for everyone.”
	Well, that’s not helpful.
	“Thank you,” I mutter.
	Should I just try breathing exercises or something? Your lungs are in your chest. I guess it’d be better than just standing here. I begin to take deep breaths, in through the nose, out through the mouth. I try to be as aware as I can, picturing the oxygen running through my veins and into my heart. 
	Then something weird happens. Instead of picturing the oxygen, it seems like I can feel it. A small flower of warmth begins to blossom in my chest. When I think to move it to my fingers, the warmth grows and spreads into my arms. 
	I let out a small gasp. 
	Loki, realizing something is happening, moves closer. He touches my back again, right over the warm spot. “Focus here,” he murmurs.
	The warmth inches closer to my wrists then into my hands and I feel that familiar tingling in my finger tips. I hold it there, keeping my breathing even, despite my excitement.
	“Freya,” Loki whispers, “open your eyes.”
	I open them and look down at my cupped hands (I don’t remember moving them). There, hovering an inch or two away from my palms, is a small, glowing ball of light.
	“Ohmygodohmygodohmygod,” I whisper. “I’m doing it! Oh my god!”
	“Shh. Do not let it go.”
	Out of the corner of my eye, I see him hold out his hand. He places it below mine, holding my cupped hands in his long fingers.
	I can’t tell if he’s helping me hold on to it, or if he’s trying not to touch it like I am. All I know is that the little light I created gets brighter.
























Chapter 18

        	“Is this a custom in your realm?” Loki asks.
        	I jump a little when he talks.  I’d been in my closet looking for a dress to wear to dinner for a while and until now, he hasn’t said anything.  Frankly, I’m just surprised he hasn’t decided to leave.
        	“Is what a custom?” I call back.
        	“Taking an eternity to choose a garment of clothing.”
        	“No.”
        	He sighs so loudly I can hear it through the shut closet doors.
        	“You know,” I say before he can continue, “I probably should have locked you in your room right now.”
        	“Why should you have done that?”
        	“Because I’m supposed to be watching you, and with a door in the way, it makes it kind of hard.”  I pull out a red dress, trying to decide if it’s appropriate for an Asgardian meal in the presence of the King and Queen.
        	“My dear, there is one way to tell.”  I can hear the grin in his voice
        	“Yeah?  And what’s that?”
        	“Well, if I stopped talking for example...”  He trails off and silence follows.
        	I look at the door for a second, but go back to looking through dresses while I wait for him to say he’s joking.  However, he doesn’t say anything and I don’t hear any noise coming from my room at all.
        	Slowly, I stop moving around and wait with my breath held for him to make a sound.  I never heard the door open or close—it’s a quiet door though.  I stand motionless and silent for a moment longer, then hang the dress I’m holding back up and walk over to the door.
        	“You did not—”  I swing the door open, looking frantically around my room before groaning when I spot Loki lounging next to a roaring fire that he must have started when I was in my closet.
        	“Then it would make you very panicked, indeed,” he finishes.  “My, my.  You are quite easy to trick.”
        	“And you are quite an ass,” I mutter before backing into the closet and slamming the door to cut off Loki’s annoying chuckles.
        	Once again, I look through the dresses.  About ten minutes and ten annoyed Loki comments later, I have narrowed down my search to two dresses; one red and one gold.
        	I open the door again.
        	“Finally!” Loki cries, standing.  “I was beginning to think—  why are you not dressed?”
        	“I can’t decide.”  I hold the dresses up.
        	“Yes?” he says.  “And?”
        	“And...which do you think?”
        	“Which dress?”
        	I nod.
        	“Why do you need my opinion?”
        	“Because I do.  I don’t know which one to choose and you’ve lived here your whole life.”
        	“Where is your little servant girl...Lira?”
        	“Her name is Lifa and she isn’t my servant.  She just helps me because, if you’ve forgotten, I am from Earth.  I told her I could do it myself tonight but apparently I still don’t know much about Asgardian culture or what’s appropriate for dinner with your mother and father, so it would be nice if you’d help.  So, which dress?  Red or gold?”  I hold them up and glare at him from between the skirts.
        	He regards me for a moment, hands clasped behind his back and head cocked to one side, the light illuminating his cheekbones.  I shake the dresses at him, raising my eyebrows.
        	He rolls his eyes.  “Red.”
        	“Thank you.”  I spin on my heel and march back into my closet, pulling the door closed with my foot.
        	I hang the gold dress back up and take off my tunic and pants, then pull the dress over my head.  I pick out some shorter heels then walk back out.
        	“Are you quite done?”
        	“Yes.”
        	“Then we must be off.  The Allfather does not like to be kept waiting.”  Loki’s eyes flash and I get the sense we are going to keep the Allfather waiting.   He turns and together we walk out the door and down the hall.
        	“Loki?”
        	“Yes?” he answers.  We come to a staircase and he seems to almost glide down it.
        	“Where are we going?”
        	“To the Dining Hall, where else?”  As he says this, we turn away from the hallway leading to where everyone is waiting and go down another set of stairs.
        	“Seriously, Loki, didn’t we have to keep walking that way?”  I motion at the hall.
        	“Yes,” he says, smiling.
        	Nerves flip my stomach and turn it into a stormy sea.  “Where are we going,” I ask, trying to keep my voice from shaking, but failing.  Where is he taking me?
        	He chuckles.  “You shall see.”
        	“O-okay...”
        	“And you needn’t be so nervous,” he mutters, continuing on.  “I am not leading you to your doom.”
        	“Thanks for the reassurance,” I squeak.
        	“Please refrain from making that noise again.”
        	Well, sorry my scared voice is annoying, but I do kinda have a reason to be nervous, I think.
        	He turns slightly and I know he caught some of my thoughts, even if it was just a feeling of it.
        	“You still do not trust me?”
        	“I didn’t say anything.”
        	“Mmm,” he murmurs.
        	“I didn’t.”
        	“I know.”  He laughs a little.
        	“What’s so funny?”
        	He doesn’t answer as we walk down one more flight of stairs then turn a corner.  As soon as we do, we enter a hallway with walls covered in different colored rays of light.  I look up to find the source and my mouth drops.  Above us, the ceiling rises a good 10 to 15 feet above my head.  In front of us, where the hallway must end or turn, is a giant stained glass window.
        	Because of all my goggling, I don’t see the stairs until Loki’s arm flies out to catch me before I tumble down them.
        	“Careful,” he mutters.  He moves his arm once I’ve regained my balance then places his hand on my back until I’ve gone down a few steps.
        	When I get to the bottom, there is a set of large wooden doors.  I reach for the handle but Loki grabs my shoulder.
        	“No,” he says.
        	“What?”
        	“Close your eyes.”
        	I raise my eyebrows at him.  “First tell me what was so funny.”
        	“Close your eyes and then I will tell you.
        	“You’re asking me to do this a lot around you,” I say, frowning before hesitantly closing my eyes, ready to open them if anything happens.
        	“What I find so amusing,” he says close to my ear—I stiffen—“is that you so often seem to mistrust me, yet simultaneously prove me wrong.”
        	I really don't know how to respond to this, so I stand in silence, trying to think something to say.
        	I hear one of the doors swing open and warm air instantly hits my face.  Loki takes my wrist and I stiffen again, but he does it gently so I find myself relaxing a little.
        	“Like now,” he murmurs almost imperceptibly.
        	He pulls me through the doors and everything grows brighter.  Another door opens and we go through that too, and now I’m greeted with the scents of flowers and fruit.
        	“Open your eyes,” Loki says, his already light grip loosening even more.
	I do.
	All around, growing in the bright, warm light, are flowers and trees and other plants.  Some red- and orange-leafed bushes grow here and there, popping up through all the green plants, adding to the rainbow already created by the flowers.  On some of the trees grow more flowers and on others grow all different types of fruit.  Some look like pears, some like mini watermelons and some look like bright pink plumbs.  We stand on a cobblestone pathway and I follow it with my eyes until it turns out of sight.  Above us, unnaturally colored light catches my eye and I look up.  Then I realize we’re still inside; we’ve just entered a green house that is inside a giant circular tower.
	On the walls of this tower are plants that creep and spiral around metal cables strung from one side to the other.  Flowers from some of these climbing plants hang a few feet from the cables, and some of the vines have attached to other cables, making a web of leaves and stems.
	Also on the walls are windows.  Most are filled with regular glass, but here and there the glass is colored red, or blue, or pink or orange.  Some of the windows far above my head have no glass at all and birds fly freely through one and out the other.  I crane my neck farther yet and see where all the sunlight is really coming through; the domed roof of the tower is made entirely of glass.
       	“Wow,” I breath.  “It’s so beautiful, oh my god.  Everything’s so pretty...”  I look at Loki.  My stomach does a flip and I feel a twinge of nerves.
        	He’s watching me but when I meet his gaze he blinks and looks away.  He’s still holding my wrist, so, smiling a little, I slide my hand between his fingers.  I give his hand a brief squeeze, then step away quickly, catching his eyes on me.  I begin down the cobble path, knotting my fingers together and pressing them against my stomach.
        	Why did he bring me here?
        	I look around at all the flowers and plants surrounding me.  The path splits, only to connect again after circling a small patch of flowers whose petals look light gem stones.
        	Behind me, Loki’s footsteps follow, clicking quietly on the stones and stopping now and then.
        	I come to a legitimate fork in the path and take a right.  It leads to a small bridge that arches over a stream.  The water gurgles under me and away toward a small hole in the tower wall just visible behind water lilies and cattails.
        	A few more minutes of walking brings me to a large archway that opens to a courtyard with a beautiful view of the sea.  I walk out and sit on a golden bench on the edge of a hill, staring out at the water.
        	“I suppose,” Loki says from behind me a while later, making me jump, “we should go to dinner.”
        	I turn.  Now he looks nervous.  I raise my eyebrows at him.  “What’s wrong?”
        	He gives me a look that says I should know.
	“Just behave and it’ll be fine,” I say, getting up.
       	He laughs humorlessly, following me into the tower.

. . .


Loki opens the door to the dining hall and instantly chairs scrape across the floor.  We make our way to the table.  Odin is standing and glaring at us furiously; Frigga and Thor are standing too, but they look more concerned than anything else.
        	“I am very sorry,” Loki starts, “but Freya demanded a tour of the castle and I could not sway her otherwise.”
	“You’re playing that card again, are you?” I ask, remembering the exchange in the Throne Room after I let him out and he dragged his feet the whole way; Must I really wait after you so eagerly pulled me here?
	“Both of you, sit,” the Allfather says loudly.
	Loki grins at me, then walks over to sit next to his mother and I take a seat next to Thor and Fandral.
	“Do not fret, m’lady,” Fandral murmurs, the smell of alcohol wafting off his breath.  “I do not believe it to be your fault.”
	“Thank you,” I whisper.
	The food is served and everyone begins to eat and talk.  Except Loki.  He just listens as Frigga speaks with him, nodding occasionally.
	A while later, after listening to Thor and Fandral talk about sparring—and me asking when I can go to the armory again and Fandral graciously offering to take me right now, I feel eyes on me.   I look up to see Loki watching me.  We make eye contact for a full thirty seconds before he looks away.
	“How are your lessons going?” Thor asks, now that Fandral has turned his attention to Hogun.
	“Okay, I guess,” I say, shrugging and taking a bite of food.
	“That bad?”
	I smile a little.  “I don’t know.  I did singe some leaves—on purpose—and produced a tiny ball of light in my hands.”
	He looks impressed.  “That is a start, is it not?”
	I nod, feeling weirdly embarrassed.
	“I would enjoy your showing me.  Only if you desire, of course.”
	“Sometime I will.  And maybe you can teach me more fighting techniques.”
	“It would be my pleasure. You caught on very quickly, considering it was your first time.”
	“Thanks.” I spear a veggie.  “I always knew I was a natural born swordswoman.”
	Thor laughs.
	“With enough practice, you may even become as good as me,” Sif says from across the table.
	“Probably not,” I say, my cheeks heating up.  I haven’t had this much attention from so many gods since that time I told them I was a vegetarian.
	“Thor told me much about your first practice,” she says, smiling.  “And we will never truly know unless you try.  Perhaps I could join you one day soon and show you all the tricks that Thor forgets.”
	“Thank you,” I say, glancing at Thor, who is frowning at Sif.
	“What is it, Thor?” she asks, laughing.
	“Perhaps when you come to train Lady Freya, we shall have a sparring match, Lady Sif.”  He grins.
	“Perhaps we shall,” she says, smiling.  Then she turns back to Volstagg and they begin to laugh and talk again.
	“Oh,” Thor says a moment later.  “I have been meaning to ask.”
	“Hm?” I ask through a mouthful of bread.
	“How is my brother?”
	I look at Loki.  He is now talking to Frigga.
	“He hasn’t strangled me or anything, if that’s what you mean.”
	Thor looks relieved.  “So he is treating you well enough?”
	I nod.  “He’s been helping me in his own way, I guess. But he has been helping.  Though he isn’t the best teacher I’ve ever had, he’s surprisingly patient.”
	“I am glad.”  Thor takes a bite of his food.  “I have been wanting to come see you both, to check everything, but my father has been keeping me busy with meetings and errands.”
	“That’s alright.  Loki’s been keeping me busy, so there’s been no time for anything but magic practice.”
	“I am very happy to hear he has been more helpful than I thought he would be.  Now on to other matters.  I may be able to bring you to the armory either tomorrow or—”
	“I do not believe it,” Fandral mutters scornfully.
	I look at him.  “Don’t believe what?”
	“Has he forced you to say this?”
	I stare at him, frowning.  “What?  Who?” I ask.  “I seriously have no idea—”
	“Has he—” Fandral points at Loki “—really been helpful or has he forced you to say these things?  I am merely concerned for your safety, Lady Freya.”  He touches my hand.  “You must understand.”
	“I’m sure you are,” I say, sliding my fingers out from under his palm.  “But I still don’t really know what you are talking about.”
	“Has he messed with your mind?”  Fandral draws closer to me and looks at my eyes.
	I pull away, trying not to wrinkle my nose at the smell of his breath.  He’s had far too much to drink.
	“No.”
	“Are you positive?” he asks, placing his hand on my shoulder.  I shrug it off and glance at Loki, who is rubbing his eyes and looking like he is trying hard not to do something violent.
	As I say, “Yes,” Fandral continues.
	“Though, if he had, I am sure you would not know.  He could have easily made you his mindless slave and you would not be aware of any of it.”
	“Fandral.  Hold your tongue,” Sif says.
	“He has done it before, Lady Sif.  Are you truly trying to defend he who betrayed us?” Fandral cries, standing.  “He has done so much harm!  He does not deserve your sympathy!”
	Sif stands.  “I, as well as Thor, persuaded the Allfather to let him out and so far he has done nothing tremendously wrong!”
	“Thank you for your optimism,” Loki mutters.
	Now it’s my turn to rub my eyes.
	Sif glares at him before continuing.  “As of yet there has been no reason he should—”
	“As of yet!  But what will we do when he gets bored?  When he decides that he no longer feels like behaving?”
	Thor slams his fist on the table making everyone but Odin and Loki jump.  He stands.  “Cease this arguing!” he bellows.  “And Fandral, for Valhalla’s sake, stop talking!”  He sits, followed by Sif.
	“I was only trying—”
	“Yes and that is very kind of you.  However,” Odin says, “do not start this while we are eating.”
	Through all of this I have been staring at my food.  I want to say something, something to prove that Loki didn’t brainwash me, something to— I drop my fork and it clatters against my almost empty metal plate.  Everyone looks at me.
	“Let me just reassure Fandral, then maybe we can all go back to eating.” I clear my throat.  “Loki has done nothing but teach me magic.  At worst he has threatened me,” I look at him.  He rolls his eyes and I push down my flare of annoyance.  “But, he has never acted on any of them.  He’s taught me about magic, we’ve talked and that’s it.”  I turn to Fandral.  “Are you happy?”
	“You are very trusting very quickly.”
	I just stare at him, Loki’s comment on my trust/mistrust running through my head.
	Fandral continues, “It would seem he has turned you into quite the loyal dog.”
	Did he just—?
	The god raises his hand to caress my cheek as he opens his mouth to speak, but I swat it away.
	“Right now,” I say, standing, the backs of my eyes stinging and my cheeks burning, “I trust him more than you.  Far more.”
	I push my chair back and it tips, clattering to the ground.  I walk towards the door.  Behind me, I hear Fandral nonchalantly say something about a ‘plaything,’ then all the chairs scrape across the floor.
	“She is not my plaything,” Loki says, his voice a furious hiss, “and she has certainly done nothing to warrant your insults!”
	“Volstagg, Hogun, please escort Fandral to his chambers,” I hear Odin say before the door slams shut.  “He should never have joined us in this state.”
	I walk a little ways down the corridor before I lean against the wall and slide to the floor.  Hot, angry tears flood my vision and I cover my mouth with my hand to try to hold in my sobs, hugging myself with my other arm.
	I hear the door swing open and shut and hug myself tighter, wishing I had worn the gold dress so maybe I’d blend in with the wall and no one would bother me.  Then I feel arms wrap around me and Thor pulls me against him in a big bear hug.
	“I am very, very sorry, Freya,” he whispers.
	I turn and bury my face in his cloak.
	“Fandral is not usually like this.”
	I nod into his chest.
	“I believe he is angry; that mixed with too much drink is never good.”
	I nod again.
	“But that is still no excuse for his actions.”
	The door opens a second time and I look up to see Volstagg emerge, followed by Hogun and then Fandral.  When they pass, Volstagg murmurs an apology. Hogun nods at me and Fandral opens his mouth to say something.  He appears embarrassed and apologetic when he looks at me, but Thor shakes his head so the gods move on.
	A moment after Fandral disappears around a corner, the door opens again, but this time it crashes against the wall.  Loki storms out, his face completely blank.
	When he reaches us he looks down at me.  “Take me back to my room.”
	“O-okay.”  Thor helps me up.  “What about din—”
	“I am not hungry,” he spits.  “That fool made me lose my appetite.”
	“Alright then,” I mutter.
	“Are you going to be alright, Freya?” Thor asks.
	I nod.  “I think so.”  I smile at Thor, then follow Loki down the hall.
	We walk in the usual silence until he suddenly comes to a stop.
	“Th—”  He closes his eyes.  “Thank you.”
	I stare at him, unable to say anything.
	“Thank you,” he says, louder this time.  “For what you...em...said...”
	“I should be thanking you, I—”
	“No!”  Loki turns and stares intensely into my eyes, taking me by the shoulders.  “Fandral is an imbecile for saying such things.  Do not listen to any of it.”
	He glances at his hands and releases me.  I give him a small nod.  He looks at me for a split second longer then continues down the hall, looking slightly less upset.

	Chapter 19

	Zzzzt.  “Fifteen,” zzzzt, “sixteen,” zzzzt, “seventeen,” zzzzt, “eighteen,” zzzzt, “nineteen,” zzzzt, “twenty.”  I drop the last leaf stem on the ground, turn to Loki with a bow.  “Twenty leaves, singed and zapped.”
	“Wonderful,” he says, his voice emotionless.
	“Okay, you’re bored.”
	“No, I applaud you, really.”
	“No, you’re bored.”
	“Well, it isn’t very fun watching you burn leaves.”
	“It isn’t very fun burning leaves.”  Though I have to admit, it was fun being able to control my magic enough to burn the leaves in under thirty minutes.
	“You are lying.”
	“No, I’m not,” I say, trying to hide my smile.
	“Yes.”
	“How do you know?”
	“Besides the fact that you are grinning?”
	I smile wider, Loki sighs.
	“I suppose that is enough for today,” he shifts.  “Has the light ever returned?”
	“I haven’t really tried.”
	“Then try now.”
	“But you said—”
	“Try.  Now.”  He stares at me until I turn away.
	I close my eyes, cupping my hands together.  I focus on my chest, but after a few minutes of me standing there the warmth hasn't returned.
	I drop my hands.
	“I did not say to stop.”
	“It’s not working, and I’m not just saying that because I want to stop.  I don’t feel any magic and I think it’s because I’m tired.”
	I walk over and sit down, my back against a tree, this time facing the castle and the staircase leading up to my room.
	“Then be done.”
	“You look tired, too.”
	“Freya, I am in no mood for your useless chatter.”
	“Oookay...” I mutter.  “Then let’s talk about something un-useless.”
	“Why?”
	“Because Thor was going to bring me to the armory and now he can’t.  Lifa’s busy, Sif is with Thor, Frigga told us she has some errands to attend to.  Heimdall is involved in those errands and so is the Bifrost, and I am still not invited to know about it.  And I don’t really want to hang out with your dad.”
	“Nor do I.”
	“Sooooo,” I say, rolling my head against the bark to look up at him.  “What...uh...dances do you do in Asgard?”
	He looks at me with a face that says: of all the things you could have picked...  “What?”
	“You know. Dances.”  I hold my arms like I’m about to waltz and sway a little.  “What kinds?”
	“With all of the topics in the Nine Realms, you chose dancing?”
	“That is the topic I chose.  I assumed you would have extensive knowledge on the subject.”
	Loki laughs a little.  “Unfortunately, I do not.”
	“Oh, c’mon.  I list some dances that you can easily say yes or no to.  Do you mambo, tango, Macarena?”
	“I do not know what any of those words mean.”
	“So those are all no’s.”
	“I suppose.”
	“Do you guys have the electric slide?”
	“The what?”
	“The electric slide.”
	“I have no idea what that is either.”
	“So another no,” I say, laughing.
	He rolls his eyes.
	“But you have to know some, right?”  He doesn’t answer me so I turn away and look to my left, where I can see into the courtyard surrounded by shops; it had been covered in snow the night before the Bifrost didn’t open.  Through the small entrance way, I can see people walking across the cobblestones.  I sigh and turn back to Loki.  “Do you waltz?”
	He sighs too, but his is much more annoyed.  “Yes, I suppose we do waltz.  Would you like me to demonstrate?”  The question drips with sarcasm.
	“Uh...yes!”  Obviously.
	“I was not being serious.”
	“I know, but you offered, so...”  I motion away from me, at the clear grassy area in front of me.  “Go ahead.”
	He pinches his nose.
	“Do you need a partner?” I ask, smiling.
	“Yes, he does.”  We both look up to see Frigga walking towards us from the small break in the shops I was looking at before.
	Loki groans.
	“If you are going to teach her, Loki, it would be best to do it with a second person,” she says.
	Loki stands.  “If I were going to teach her, I would need a partner; but I am not.”
	“Well, I think it would be an enjoyable activity, and I am going to need your help.”
	The God of Mischief looks from his mother to me and back again, standing with his normal posture but still managing to look extremely uncomfortable.
	“Now first,” Frigga starts, “stand like so.”  She places one hand on Loki’s shoulder then takes his hand with the other.  “Then the steps are as so...”  She walks forward a step, then to the side then somehow they end up going a different direction.  It was such a small movement, I couldn’t catch it.  I just nod, like I understand what’s going on.
	Frigga and Loki spin around the grass for a few minutes until a guard appears from a path through the trees.
	“My Queen, the Allfather wishes to speak with you.”
	Frigga stops dancing, and nods at him.  “Thank you, Lidolv.  I will be there in a moment.”
	The guard nods in return and walks back down the path.
	“Now, Freya, you and Loki practice and I will come back later to see your progress.”  She kisses Loki’s cheek, says goodbye to me and walks back toward the shops.
	Once she is out of sight, Loki turns to me.  “I would like to return to my room.”
	“No, we’re going to practice."  I scramble up.
	“Must we?”
	“Yes.  I didn’t understand any of that.”
	“Why does it matter to you?”
	“Because it does, Loki.”  He stares at me.  “Please?”
	He sighs.  “Come here, then, if you wish to learn.”
	I give a small cheer and walk over to him.
	“So,” I say, “your mom said I put one hand here,” I place my left hand on his shoulder, “and then I—”  I cut off and motion for him to take my hand.
	“Apparently you understood some of it.”  He takes my hand.
	“Ha ha, very funny.”
	“Now lock your elbow.”
	I hold it as still as I can.
	“Lock it.”
	“It is locked.”
	“No.”
	“Yes.”
	He uses his free hand and whacks me.  Sure enough my elbow buckles a little.
	“No,” he repeats firmly.
	I roll my eyes.
	“Now.”  Loki shifts, looking awkward.  “Your right foot moves forward, but make it a  short step.”  He looks down and I follow his gaze and move my right foot like he says.  “Now the left follows and pick up your right foot, but as you do, turn.”
	I do, and step on his foot.  He shakes his head.
	“It should be a slight shuffle-step, I suppose you would call it, with your right.  And—Freya!”  I step on his foot again.
	“Sorry!”
	“Let me just try...”  He trails off.  “Just try to follow what I do.  I will go very slowly.”
	“Okay, if you think that’s the best way.”
	“Of course it is.”  When I look at him, there’s a small smile on his face.
	“Right,” I mutter.
	He looks at me, smiling wider.  “You do not believe me.”
	“No, no.  Go ahead.  If you’re ready to get all your toes broken then sure.  Go ahead.”
	Loki chuckles.
	“You think I’m joking.”
	He begins to move in a very waltz-like manner, but stops.  “Music would make this much easier.”
	“Hold on a minute.”  I let go of his hand, duck under his arm, then run up the stairs to my room.  The realization that I left him alone hits me, but before I can worry too much, I’ve grabbed my phone and am now running back down the steps.
	“What are you—”
	“This!” I say, waving my phone at him.
	“What is that?” he asks, looking at the device suspiciously.
	“This is my phone.  And it has music on it.”
	“On it?”
	“In it.”
	“In it?”
	“Yes.”
	“How?”
 	“iTunes.”
	“What?”
	I wave my hand at him.  “Shh.”
	Turning on my phone, I click the music app and scroll through my songs.  Not finding one, I finally just go to a slow dance playlist I made for a school dance in tenth grade that I never deleted.  I select the first song on the playlist and turn up the volume.  I then place my phone on a rock and look at Loki.
	“How is it playing music?”
	“I really don’t know...” I say.
	He stands there staring at the device.
	“So do you wanna try dancing to this, or should I find another one?”
	“Well, I am not accustomed to dancing to songs containing words...but I suppose this will suffice.”  He purses his lips for a moment before walking over to me.  “Now do as I have shown you.”
	I hesitantly place my hand on his shoulder.
	“Nervous?” he murmurs.  He takes my hand and I feel his shaking.  I ignore it.
	“No.”  Yes.  I focus on my feet and at the edge of my peripheral vision I see him watching me with an expression that could possibly be considered soft.  Possibly.
	When he begins to move, I jump a little and stumble.
	“Stop looking at your feet.  That will only inhibit your movements.”
	“Okay, then what do I focus on?”
	“I suppose you could try closing your eyes.”
	I frown at him.  “Is this going to be an ongoing joke between us?”
	“Perhaps.”  A smile enters his eyes as he continues to spin me around the grass.  Then I realize that I haven’t tripped since I stopped looking at my feet.  I gasp and he raises an eyebrow as if to say, “See?”
	I nod, smiling.
	The song speeds up a little.
	“Let us try going a bit faster.”  He hesitates for just a moment, then pulls me a little closer, probably to keep from having to repeatedly pull me with him.
	Because I’m so close, I have to slide my hand a little further up his shoulder and bend my elbow.  But, because he’s so tall, this is uncomfortable.
	I look up at him and see that he is still watching me.  I smile a little, feeling my cheeks heat up.  I look back down and place my forehead against the leather of his jacket to see if it helps the tingles that have begun to run down my arm.  It does and slowly, with some minor shaking of fingers, they disperse.
	As we spin around the grass in small spirals, Loki moves the hand he placed on my hip onto my back.  The song slows down again but he doesn’t move away from me.  Something inside me does a little flip, but right at that moment the song ends.
	 A split second later, he steps away from me with a sharp intake of breath.
	“I am going to my room.”
	He walks past me and, without a second glance, ascends the staircase and disappears.










Chapter 20

	I stand, looking out over a burning village. The fires that have nearly destroyed everything send purplish black clouds of smoke billowing over the collapsed shops, houses and other buildings. Beneath my feet is scorched earth, and the remnants of what could once have been plants and trees. I do not know what village this is. I do not know why it’s burning. I do not know how I got here. I do not know what part I have played, but I do know that I helped cause this destruction.
	Someone wails and I turn to see a woman sitting amidst the rubble and charcoal of her home. She clutches a sobbing young boy to her chest. When she sees me looking at her, her eyes widen and a look of sheer terror appears on her face. 
	I take a step closer and she shrieks and shrinks away, pulling her child closer. I try to ask her calmly. I try to ask it in a way that makes her unafraid. But instead: “Where am I?” I demand, taken slightly aback by how harsh and odd my voice sounds. “What is going on?!” 
	“Please do not hurt my child! Please do not hurt me! Please!” she pleads. Her words are almost a scream and they come out garbled through her crying and her son’s wailing sobs. 
	“I am not going to!” I say, still too loudly, still too angrily. I do not want to hurt you, I promise I won’t, is what I tried to say. I take another step closer.
	“Please!” This time her voice is a scream and it rips at the end. “Do not! Please do not!” She keeps screaming this over and over and over until it’s the only thing I can hear.
	But then there’s another voice.
	“Oh, please do,” Malekith says. His voice comes from behind me. Directly behind me like he’s speaking into my ear. His hand touches my shoulder. It is my turn to scream.
	I spin, still screaming, but no one is there. Nothing is there but a pool of water seeping from some hidden source and growing bigger, bigger. Black, oily water that shines and glistens like metal in the light of the flames. Then it reaches my feet and when it touches them, it sticks to my boots. 
	I stumble back, the black holding onto the toes of my shoes. Then something or someone pushes me in the opposite direction and I fall forward onto my chest. All the air leaves me and I lie there panting and gasping desperately for breath. When I can, I push myself onto my hands and knees. I look back but nothing is there. Everything behind me has disappeared in the clouds of black and purple smoke.
	Looking back at the black water, I freeze. Through the ripples, I see a pale white face staring back at me with black holes for eyes. I raise my hand and touch my cheek. The creature raises its hand and does the same. Cold dread seeps down my back with I realize.
	It is a Dark Elf’s mask. 
	And I am wearing it.

	I wake up screaming, my throat completely raw. 
	A second passes and the scream dies, ripping at the end like the woman’s in my dream, leaving me empty. Uncurling my fists and my body, I sit up, shaking and sweaty, with tears streaming down my cheeks. My cheeks. I touch my face, relieved when I feel skin instead of a hard mask. I start to cry again and pull my legs to my chest. I don’t have much crying left in me, so I mostly just shudder, feeling extremely dehydrated. 
	Finally I look around my room. Every shadow pops out at me and whispers ‘Oh, please do.’ The sheets and blankets have been kicked clean off the bed and my pillows lie in a heap on the floor.
	I scoot over to the edge of the bed and stand. My legs wobble as I walk over to the fire place. As quickly as I can, I get the fire going and get all the lights on. Then I go to the window and pull a curtain aside. 
	Outside it’s still dark, but the large planet gives off light, illuminating my room like early morning. I decide to open my curtains, hoping that the little bit of natural light will help chase away the terror and dread that still sit in my mind and stomach. 
	I lean my head against the window; it’s refreshingly cool and soothes my forehead. I take a breath and let it out, standing up straighter. I take another breath, my heart still pounding, and let it out. 
	Facing my room again, I spot The Lord of the Rings on the edge of a bookshelf. After picking it up, I go back over to my bed, set it on the mattress, then go about getting all the sheets, blankets and pillows back on the bed. I crawl under the covers and open my book.
	There will be no more sleeping for me tonight.

* * *

	Loki’s angry “Try again!” echoes over and over through my throbbing head. Or is he actually repeating it? I can’t tell.
	I press my fingertips to my temples, crunching the leaf, which is significantly unburnt, in my hand as I do. When I drop my hands, the banging sensation comes back harder than it was before.
	“Try again,” Loki repeats from where he stands behind me.
	“I don’t want to.”
	“What?” he asks, his voice steely.
	“I said,” I say, turning to face him, “I don’t want to, Loki.”
	“Is there something wrong?” he asks. “Because I do not understand why you are having such difficulties producing anything. Or why you have such an attitude this morning.”
	Is there something wrong with you? I want to ask but keep my mouth shut instead. Ever since Loki disappeared after the dancing lessons, he’s been acting extremely cool and detached. In the past few days, he’s given me as quick a lesson as possible, then asked to turn in for the night before I can even start a conversation.
	“What is it?” he asks. His whole ‘reading thoughts/feelings’ thing is really annoying.
	“Nothing,” I say.
	“You want something. What is it?” he demands, coming closer.
	“I want to— you know what? Never mind.” I rub my eyes, stifling a yawn. I know I’m mostly irritable because of my lack of sleep and that dream still swirling in the back of my mind, but Loki isn’t helping anything. 
	“What? Ask me, if you are so curious.”
	“I thought you said curiosity does little to suit me,” I mutter.  
	He rolls his eyes. “Freya, I do not understand what has you so upset.”
	“You don’t understand—? I can’t leave, Loki!” I cry, rubbing my face and running my hands through my hair.
	He sighs, pinching his nose. “I know, Freya—” 
	“And you were supposed to have enough magic to open the Bifrost—”
	“So you are blaming me for your predicament?” His eyes flash angrily. “If I could have opened it, I would have, if only to rid myself of you.” As soon as he finishes the sentence, something like regret passes over his face but then it’s gone, replaced with a flood of red eyes.
	A ball forms in my throat, but I speak around it. “I’m sorry I’m such a burden for you, but I never asked to be picked up by Malekith and dropped here. He took me because he thought I could help him find something. Then he tortured me when I couldn’t give him the information he wanted. So I’m sorry if my being irritable is annoying, but at least I have a reason to be.”
	“And what do you mean by that, may I ask?” His red eyes stare into me and I feel the same cold dread from my dream seep down my spine. He takes a step toward me. “I’m waiting.” Blue has reached his cheeks and I see the raised markings beginning to appear.
	“Um—”
	He slams me against a tree trunk, his hand pressed against my collar bone. In my peripheral vision, I see blue trickling down his slightly exposed wrist toward his hand.
	I swallow some of my annoyance and stare him in the eye. “I just meant that...if there is something wrong, you can tell me.”
	The blue inches over the back of his hand and my skin slowly grows cold.
	“I just meant that you can tell me,” I repeat and for the first time this morning, I don’t feel irritated at all.
	Loki and I stare at each other, the blue slowly seeping over the top of his hand and his eyes glistening a little. Suddenly he takes his hand away from my skin, and I see the blue receding down the underside of his wrist. He backs away from me, and I crumple to the ground and rest my head against the tree as I knot my fingers in my skirts.
	When I blink, the tears I had been bottling up finally fall. I sit there with my eyes closed, half shocked I have enough water in me to cry and half just really wanting to lie down and sleep for a couple days.
	“Do you wish to know why my attempt to reopen the Bifrost failed?” Loki asks quietly.
	I open my eyes and see that his skin has become normal colored and that he is watching me. I nod. 
	He doesn’t say anything as he rolls up his sleeve, exposing the metal disk. Holding out his arm to me, he taps it. “This. Odin did not return all of my magic to me and because he did not, I am all but powerless.”
	“Oh...”
	“Freya, if I do open the Bifrost,” he says, “and you do go home, mortals will not be able to protect you from Malekith. He will see that you have left the security of our realm and he will come for you.” He watches me carefully, observing my reaction to his words, and probably all of my thoughts about the subject as well. “So, Freya, do you truly wish to leave?” 
	I shrug a little but say nothing.
	“Well, take this horrible device off my arm so that I may open the Bifrost. Then you will have enough time to decide what it is you want.”
	“Take it off?”
	“That is what I said.”
	“Now?”
	“Yes.”
	“But shouldn’t I wait till we’re at the Bi—”
	“If you take it off now, we will be able to get there much faster.” Loki walks toward me and comes to a stop a little ways away.
	“Okay,” I say, getting up. I take Loki’s arm in my hands and touch my finger to the center of the disk. It makes a whirring noise then a small click and falls to the ground. I lean over to pick it up, but right before I can, Loki stomps on it. From the cracking I hear from under his boot, I’m guessing he shattered it.
	“Loki!” I cry, straightening. “You just—” I stop when I see his face. Most of the tiredness has left him and the dark circles around his eyes have faded. He’s also smiling, genuinely smiling, eyes closed, head turned up to the sky like he just walked outside for the first time in years.
	He looks at me, still grinning, and says, “Ready to go?” And, before I have a chance to say anything, he wraps his hand around my wrist and everything goes black.
	I scream and it seems to echo through the nothingness, coming back to me louder and louder until it disappears. My stomach churns and seems to rise into my chest. It’s the feeling you get when you fall, except it feels like we’re floating or standing on clouds.
	“Loki?” I shriek, feeling for his hand that’s still wrapped around my arm.
	His laughing answers me, sounding like it’s coming from the other end of a gigantic room, and I feel him place his other hand on my arm.
	“You will get used to it over time, my dear,” he says. Then there’s a stretching sensation that pulls my feet down onto firm ground, then my legs follow, then my torso and then we’re standing on the Rainbow Bridge about twenty yards from the Bifrost.
	I pull away from him, creeping towards the edge of the Rainbow Bridge just in case my stomach decides to show itself.
	“Did we just teleport?” I ask as I shake out my legs and arms.
	“Yes.”
	“Does it feel like that every time?” My stomach lurches and I press my hand to my mouth.
	“Yes, but it is generally faster than that,” he says, grinning at me. “I wanted you to get the full effect so I hovered for a bit.”
	“Thank you for that,” I mutter and thrust my head over the side of the Bridge just before I lose all the food I have eaten.
	When I’m done throwing up, I straighten and turn to Loki, who looks slightly disgusted. 
	“This is your fault you know,” I say, crossing my arms. “Er...can you by any chance magic me a glass of water?”
	Loki sighs, flicks his hand, and a metal cup full to the brim with water appears at my feet. I pick it up and for a second I contemplate the chances that it’s poisoned, then decide to drink it just to get the taste of bile out of my mouth and throat. The water isn’t poisoned, and once I’ve finished it, we start toward the Bifrost and Heimdall, who stands watching us, holding his golden sword in front of him.
	As we get closer, the Seer walks to meet us. 
	“Freya, you have returned Loki’s magic to him,” he says, looking at me with his gold eyes. 
	I had forgotten about Heimdall guarding the Bifrost. I glance at Loki to try to ask, ‘What should we do now?’ but he looks calm as the god faces him.
	“What do you wish to accomplish, Loki?”
	Loki smirks. “I believe you already know.”
	“You will fail.”
	“I am opening it and you cannot stop me.”
	“Perhaps not, but, unlike the last time you came here against the Allfather’s will, you have no powerful device at your disposal.”
	“Heimdall,” Loki says, clasping his hands behind his back and leaning forward, “will you try to stop me?”
	“Go ahead,” Heimdall says as he holds out the sword and steps aside. “But heed my warning.”
	Loki smiles, takes the blade and strolls past.
	“He is walking to his doom,” Heimdall murmurs, looking at me.
	I stare at him. “What?” I whisper.
	“What he is about to do will likely be fatal.”
	“What?” I cry. I look at Loki who is walking toward the pedestal in the center of the room. “Loki, wait!”
	I run in after him and as soon as I enter, I feel my hair stand on end. The air all around us seems to crackle with electricity and when I look at the walls, I see it zipping over the metal. I stare up at the ceiling, still walking forward. In the center of the ceiling, there is a point of electricity that shines and crackles more than the rest of the room. More and more electricity gathers. A ball of lightning is forming directly over the pedestal.
	I look back at Loki. “Stop! It-it’s not safe, it’s—”
	“I am truly touched you are so worried, Freya, really.” He places the sword in its slot. 
	“Loki, seriously, don’t. There’s magic everywhere and—” The crackling intensifies and now I can actually hear it zipping through the air.
	He raises the sword a little, closes his eyes, then slams the sword down. There’s a blinding flash of light, a bang, and I am thrown against the floor. Sliding a little ways, my back smacks into the wall and I lie there with my eyes closed, hearing nothing but a loud ringing.
	I shift a while later and blink, trying to get rid of the dots floating in my vision. The ringing finally disappears. I get up slowly, looking around as I do. Heimdall is no longer standing in the doorway. Now he is kneeling on the ground a little ways away from the entrance, clutching his helmetless head. Loki isn’t on the pedestal.
	“Loki?” I call, starting toward the center of the room. “Oh my god!” He’s lying on the floor, visible energy running over and through him, convulsing.
	I start running, slip a little on the metal floor, then fall to my knees near the god’s head. I watch helplessly as his body writhes and more electricity dances over him, looking like a small storm. 
	What do I do what do I do what do I do?
	He convulses more violently than before and his head comes within an inch of smashing into the wall. If he get’s any closer, and flails more, he could seriously hurt himself. I have to hold his head and that means touching him and having all that energy running through me too... I’ve never touched lightning before, but it will undoubtedly hurt.
	“Okay,” I say as I take a breath and extend my arms. I stop mere inches away from his head. My fingers tingle a little. “Okay.” If I’m going to do it I have to do it now. Just before another series of convulsions can wrack his body, I reach forward and place my hands on either side of his head.
	Instantly, energy begins to course through my finger tips and up my arms. I squeeze my eyes shut and grit my teeth as it makes its way into my shoulders and congregates at the base of my neck, forming a ball like the one that was on the ceiling. Then the ball shoots up into my head and smashes into the top of my skull. I scream as the sensation of cracking grows and grows. More and more energy fills my head, running up my arms, swirling through my shoulders. My scream grows.
	But, just as I think I can’t take the pressure building in my brain any longer, it shoots out the top of my head—leaving it in tact—and disappears, leaving only the new energy to run through me and out; I’m like a conducting wire and it feels extremely weird. An eternity of this rushing feeling seems to pass and still electricity is zipping into Loki then into me and out my head.
	When it suddenly stops, I sit there, frozen, with tears streaming down my cheeks. I’m still holding Loki’s head but it feels like he’s stopped moving. Slowly, I open my eyes and look at him. He has stopped convulsing and I don’t see any more electricity anywhere.
	I breathe a sigh of relief as I let go of his head. “Loki,” I say. There’s no response and he just lies there with his eyes closed. “Loki?”
	I crawl around to look at him right side up. 
	“Loki, can you hear me?” Nothing. “Loki, C’mon! Wake up!”
	Hesitantly, I reach forward and press two fingers against his neck.
	There’s no pulse.
	“Nonononono, shit!” I hold my hand over his partially opened mouth, hoping to feel some air coming out. I don’t. “Shit!” I repeat. 
	Does this mean I need to do CPR? Does CPR even work on gods? I don’t know. I don’t know.
	“I don’t know!” I cry, wiping away tears and looking around. Heimdall is making his way over to the entrance way. I guess he doesn’t feel like helping.
	I don’t know I don’t know CPR or magic or—what? I don’t know I don’t know what to do I don’t know!
	Out of the corner of my eye, I see something flicker across his chest. When I look, I see electricity I had missed swirling over the center of his chest. 
	I take a breath and hold it for a split second as I place my hand over the electricity. The energy zips into my hand, up my arm and out my head and right when it disappears, something big crashes against the Rainbow Bridge outside. I ignore it and pull back my arm, staring at him and waiting.
	Loki’s eyes fly open and he gasps, sitting bolt upright. Coughing, he leans forward, rests his elbows on his knees and hangs his head between his legs.
	“Are you alright?” I ask.
	He lifts his head and looks at me.
	“What do you think, Freya?” he says, his voice hoarse. “Having uncountable amounts of energy running through you can make one very not alright.”
	“Thank god,” I mutter. And before I can think twice about what I’m about to do, I pull him into a hug. For a minute, Loki sits there not doing anything, his shoulder pressed against my chest, then he shifts and I feel him wrap one arm gingerly around my waist, like he doesn’t know what he’s doing either.
	“For Valhalla’s sake, girl, let me recover more before you decide to jerk me with no warning.”
	I sniffle. “I’m sorry.”
	“A-are you crying?” he murmurs.
	“Yes.” My voice quavers and I laugh a little.
	Loki laughs too, but his is sadder. “I do not deserve this sentiment or your worry,” he whispers.
	I hug him a little tighter. “Loki, shut up.” I feel him smile against my ear.
	Outside the Bifrost, there’s some more banging and then a weird grinding sound as something opens. Someone hops down from something and then—
	“Uh, hi. Yeah, excuse me,” says an unfamiliar voice.
	I sit back and look at the entrance to the Bifrost. Heimdall is standing there, looking at a man who is wearing a long, dark reddish brown leather jacket (what is it with extraterrestrials wearing leather?) and a weird Storm Trooper-esque mask.
	Loki and I exchange a look then I get up. I hold a hand out to him, but he waves me off and gets up on his own. We walk closer to Heimdall and the stranger and when we near, I can hear what they are talking about.
	“Yeah, but could you just give me some coordinates?” the guy says. He presses a finger to the side of his helmet and just like that, it disappears. “That was probably making it hard to hear. Coordinates?”
	“I heard you clearly,” Heimdall says, “but I do not know what you mean.”
	“Coordinates?” I ask, coming to a stop next to the Seer. “Why do you need coordinates?”
	The man turns to me. “You know what I’m talking about?”
	“Yes...but you haven’t answered my question.” Then something hits me. “Wait, how the hell did you get here?”
	“I crash landed.” He points to a spaceship that is sitting on the Rainbow Bridge. That’s what made the loud noise earlier.
	“Okay, sure, but how? The Bifrost’s not working.”
	“I don’t know what that is, but I flew in over this gold ball thing.” He motions to the Bifrost.
	I look at Heimdall. “I thought the only way in was through the Bifrost.”
	He shakes his head. “Beings can enter Asgard if they are near by simply flying in. The Bifrost is for traveling between realms.”
	“Oh, then why didn’t Malekith just come in through the sky?”
	“When he came here with you, he was traveling from Svartalfheim.”
	“But why didn’t he come back and just fly in?”
	“An electric field completely encircled Asgard,” he says, “not just the Bifrost.”
	“What? Why didn’t anyone tell me this?”
	“What did you think they were discussing at the meetings you were not invited to?” Loki asks, smirking.
	“Well, I assumed they were about the Bifrost, but it’s not like I could have guessed everything was covered in a giant electric shield!” I say, glaring at him.
	I look back at Heimdall. “So it’s gone now?”
	The god nods.
	“Loki was successful, then?”
	“Partially.” He looks like he’s about to say more, but the stranger interrupts.
	“Can I just ask where I am in the universe? Because it’d be really helpful for me when I need a lift out of this place.” He looks at us. “Or whenever my ship gets fixed.”
	Heimdall is the first to speak. “You are in Asgard, home to the gods.”
	“Ooookay,” the man says. “You’re going to need to give me more than that.”
	“Asgard is one of the Nine Realms. Also one of these Nine is the Realm of Midgard, where you are from.”
	I gasp.
	“I’m still gonna need more.”
	“What more can I give you?”
	“Uh...”
	“You could give us your name,” I say.
	“You could tell me where I am.”
	“He just did... But we also aren’t the one’s who randomly crash landed a giant spaceship outside the front door.”
	He sighs. “My name is Peter Quill,” he says it like we should know who he is. “But,” he continues after seeing our faces, “there is another name you might know me by.” Then his face get’s serious. “Star Lord.”
	Loki and I stare at him and Heimdall wears his normal unamused face. Peter Quill looks annoyed.
	“C’mon guys, Star Lord?” He looks at us expectantly. “Nothing?”






























Chapter 21

	“Okay, I just have to ask,” Peter Quill says as we walk down the hall leading to the Council Room, “are these handcuffs really necessary?”  He shifts his wrists uncomfortably in the shackles that Thor has clamped on them. 
	“Yes.” Thor looks back at the two of us.
	“Why? I wasn’t doing anything super suspicious.”
	“Crashing your flying vessel unannounced in our realm should not be considered suspicious?” Loki asks, coming to stand between Peter and me.
	“Hey, man, if it was up to me,” Peter says, awkwardly touching his chest, “I would have landed her nicely, possibly on some grass or something.” 
	“Why are you here anyway?” I ask.
	He looks at me, grinning slightly. “Yes, that. I have an answer for that, a perfectly logical answer.”
	I narrow my eyes. “And...what is it?”
	“Well, apparently there’s something here, or near here, that I’m supposed to retrieve—a relic or something. That’s why I needed coordinates.”
	“Who are you retrieving this relic for?” Loki asks.
	“A broker...” Peter trails off, staring as we pass a giant golden archway. “I guess,” he continues once we’ve passed, “it’s very valuable. He wants to sell it.”
	I exchange a look with Loki. “What is it exactly?” 
	“I was told it was a rock.”
	“You’re here looking for a rock?” I ask. 
	“You make my work sound insignificant,” he says, laughing.
	“That wasn’t my intention,” I say. “I’m sure it’s a very interesting rock.”
	“Well, maybe you could help m—”
	“Freya,” Loki says suddenly, grabbing my arm and making me jump. He pulls me to a stop.
	“What? You scared me.”
	“My apologies,” he says, looking at me, head cocked and brows furrowed. 
	“Uh, what...what’s wrong?” I ask, trying to quell the nervous feeling in my stomach; he generally has a reason for looking at me weirdly.
	He opens his mouth, then closes it.
	“Loki, are you alright?” I step closer. “What’s wrong?”
	“I am fine, but you— Do you feel completely well?” he asks. 
	“Yes.”
	“You are sure you do not feel strange in any way?”
	“Maybe a little light headed and shaky but other than that, I’m fine,” I say. 
	“I do not understand,” Loki murmurs.
	I frown. “What do you not under—”
	“Loki, Lady Freya, I am sorry to break up your conversation,” Thor calls, “but the Allfather has requested our presence immediately.”
	“Yes, of course. We are just coming.” Loki passes me, muttering something I can’t catch.

. . .

	Thor pushes open the doors to the Grand Council Room—the same doors I went through when I tried to convince Odin to free Loki—and the four of us come face to face with the entire Council of Asgard, seated around a table. At the table’s head is Odin, and to his left is Frigga. To his right is an empty chair I assume is Thor’s; next to this chair sits Lady Sif and the Warriors Three. The remainder of the chairs are filled by men and women I have never seen before. I note, with annoyance, that there are no more empty seats: Loki and I are not a part of this.
	I puff air through my lips and cross my arms. Then there’s a hand on my back.
	“Do not express your concerns,” Loki whispers. “Not here.”
	“Concerns is an understatement,” I hiss back, shifting my weight to my right foot. I hear him chuckle.
	“Thank you, Thor.” The Allfather stands and nods to his son who, after gently squeezing my shoulder, walks over to the empty seat next to his father. They speak for a moment before finally sitting.
	“Who are you, Midgardian?” Odin asks, eyeing Peter. “And what business have you in Asgard?”
	“Uh,” Peter says, scanning all the people who stare at him, “my name is Peter Quill and I’ve been sent to look for a relic that’s supposed to be here.”
	“A relic?” Frigga asks. “What relic?”
	“I was told it was a...er...a valuable rock. A guy in Xandar wants to pay good money for it. That’s all I know.”
	“What or where is Xandar?” Odin asks.
	“It’s the capital of the Nova Empire.”
	“The Nova Empire?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Heimdall will know what it is, Father,” Thor says.
	“Yes, and perhaps he will be able to send you there, if that is your home,” the Allfather says, looking back at Peter.
	“I don’t live there, that’s just where a lot of my business comes from—business as in selling stuff I’ve found, not anything—” He clears his throat. “I generally live on my ship.”
	“Of course. And how did you and your ship come here?” Odin glances at me and Loki, and I can tell our interrogation is imminent.
	“I just flew in.”
	“If you would please be more specific...”
	“Oh, yeah, sure. Well...I was following coordinates and I didn’t really notice anything until my controls started getting whacky. I couldn’t really control my ship and it got stuck moving pretty fast and I was hurtling towards something that looked like...” he trails off, brows furrowed, thinking of what to say next. “I was hurtling towards a translucent spherical wall that seemed to be barely visible but...was.”
	“Why do you say wall?”
	“Since it was transparent, I could kinda see it had a thickness. It looked like it was more than just a flat surface.”
	“What could you see inside?”
	“Nothing.”
	“Nothing?”
	“No, nothing. It just looked like normal space, but I could tell something was there.”
	“Something that had thickness, was spherical and what you described to be a wall.”
	“Yes.”
	“But it somehow looked like normal space?”
	“This isn’t fair,” I whisper, crossing my arms.
	“What isn’t fair?” Loki asks.
	“Odin’s pretty much cross-examining him,” I mutter. “It’s like he’s in court or something.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Nothing, never mind. It’s Midgardian talk.”
	“When I looked directly at it, it wasn’t there, but out of the corner of my eye I could see it,” Peter says.
	“Ah,” Odin says, nodding like his explanation is finally detailed enough. “Continue.”
	“Alright. So, then, as I got closer and closer, my controls really began to malfunction. Then, a loud crack came from the sphere thing and it was like the wall was being sucked in on itself and suddenly that golden ball thing was directly in front of me. I had just enough control to pull my ship up so I wouldn’t crash nose-first but it was still totaled.”
	“Totaled?”
	“As in completely broken.”
	I laugh a little and Peter raises his eyebrows at me.
	“Thank you, Peter. Now,” Odin rests his eye on Loki and me, “I would like to know how the field surrounding us disappeared.”
	Our time has come.
	“I took the little disk off that prohibited Loki from using his magic,” I blurt, jumping right in. 
	“You did what?” Odin stands, seeming to follow his voice as it echoes up into the high ceiling. Everyone in the room visibly jumps.
	I squeeze my hands into fists and bite the inside of my cheek for a moment before saying, “Loki said that he could open the Bifrost if he had all of his magic returned to him. He said that the reason it didn’t work was because you only gave him a little bit the first time.”
	“And you believed what he told you?” he asks loudly.
	“Yes.”
	“Why?!” This word echoes up into the ceiling and back down, over and over again, growing louder each time until it dies away.
	“B-because—” I glance at Loki, who is watching his father. He briefly meets my gaze then stares directly ahead again. “Because it makes sense.”
	“How does it make sense, Freya?” Odin asks as he sits down again and clasps his hands on the table. “Tell me what sense you found in allowing Loki—he who murdered countless numbers of your people and led an army in an attempt to rule your realm—his full magical abilities.”
	Out of the corner of my eye, I see Loki stiffen and clench his hands into fists. “Yes, I did believe him! And it was the right thing to do, because the Bifrost—and all of Asgard—is now free from what ever electrical barrier was formed around it.”
	“Yes, and now what do you expect to happen?” The Allfather glares at me, intently watching for my reaction. “Do you expect to leave? To go back to your life on Midgard and continue living in peace?”
	I don’t say anything.
	“That, I can assure you, will not happen. Malekith will find you if you return to Earth. You will not be safe in your realm; you will not be safe anywhere but here.”
	I nod. “I know that,” I say quietly.
	Loki steps forward then. “May I say something?”
	Odin turns his gaze to his son and I let out the breath his glare had been keeping in. “What is it, Loki?”
	“You remember the information you so kindly forced out of me, yes?”
	“Yes, I remember.”
	“And you also remember the meeting before my first attempt at freeing the Bifrost.”
	“Yes, I recall that as well.”
	“The relic this Midgardian is searching for may be what the Dark Elves desire. This could be why they want Freya.”
	“And I suppose you think this relic is a seventh Infinity Stone?” Fandral asks.
	“The mortal did say it was a rock, did he not?”
	“Yes, but a rock could imply anything.”
	“And it could very well be an Infinity Stone.”
	“There are only six,” Fandral says.
	“Yes, Fandral, you insist upon this; yet you do not strengthen your argument.”
	“The evidence hints to a valuable rock or gem hidden somewhere on Asgard. The evidence does not, however, prove there is a seventh Infinity Stone. If that were possible, Heimdall would have informed us of it by now, certainly.”
	“No one, not even the Seer, knows what they look like,” Loki says, “so one may resemble a rock, valuable or invaluable.”
	“I have a question,” Volstagg says. “How do we know this Amethyst isn’t one of the six? Did you only assume it was a seventh?”
	“And surely, if it looked like a rock, it would at least seem different than a normal rock, would it not?” says a man whom I have never met.
	“Apparently not,” another says. “If this Amethyst is an Infinity Stone, and if it is here on Asgard, it is doing an excellent job disguising itself.”
	“Is that not enough for it to even be a possibility to you, Fandral?” Loki asks.
	“It may mean it’s one of the six, but I still doubt there is a seventh.”
	“Can I ask something?” I say, raising my hand and waving a little. Everyone falls quiet and stares at me.
	“What is it?” Odin asks.
	“What exactly are Infinity Stones?”
	“They are powerful entities that were created when the universe was first formed and possess abilities unique to themselves. We do not know where they are or what form they come in, but it is not unlikely it is them the Dark Elves are searching for.”
	I say nothing, waiting to see if he’ll say more, but he doesn’t.
	“We believe—”
	“Thor!” Odin snaps.
	“She has a right to know, Father,” Thor says. “We believe, based upon a brief glimpse Heimdall got of Svartalfheim after you were saved, that the Dark Elves are building a device to wield whatever it is the Amethyst may be.”
	“Is that what that meeting was about?” I cry.
	Thor frowns. “What meeting?”
	“That meeting you had to go to around the time I first got here. You were taking me on a tour and then Fandral or someone said that Heimdall found something and you all rushed off and you said you’d tell me about it. But you didn’t.”
	“Yes, I suppose it—”
	“This is a discussion for another time,” Odin says, holding up his hand.
	“It seems everything is a discussion for another time,” Loki says.
	“I will fully explain everything in detail at a later time, but right now I want you both to continue telling me what happened and how the electric field disappeared.” He focuses on me. “Freya, please continue.”
	“O-okay,” I say, pausing to remember where I left off. “So I took the disk off Loki, like I said...” I then explain the teleportation (leaving out my vomiting). I tell them about Heimdall’s fatal warning and Loki’s ignoring it, the explosion and what followed.
	“Before, you said Loki was the one who freed Asgard from its electric confinement?” Frigga asks, staring at me intently.
	“Yes.”
	She nods. “Can you please repeat what you just said?”
	“About the crash?”
	“Before that.”
	“Oh, sure...uh, I grabbed Loki’s head because I thought he would smash into the wall and get hurt. And then all the electricity in him went into me and kinda exploded out the top of my head.”
	“How did you feel after having this much energy coursing through you?”
	“Uh...fine, I guess?”
	“Completely?” She furrows her brow and rests her chin on her clasped hands.
	I glance at Loki. His face is entirely blank, but when he meets my gaze his eyes flash with amusement and the corner of his mouth tips up for a split second.
	I look back at the Allmother. “Yes, apart from some minor dizziness and shakiness, I felt fine.”
	She nods again, murmurs something to Odin, then says, “You know that if it were not for you, my son would be dead.”
	“I—”
	“You need not say anything, Freya.” She smiles at me. “I am thanking you.” She rests her gaze on Loki, whom I can see is staring at me. “That much energy would have killed him if you had not done what you did.”
	My stomach drops and I hear the blood pulsing in my ears. My whole body grows hot and I begin to sweat as what she says echoes through my mind. That much energy would have killed him if you had not done what you did. That much energy would have killed him. It would have killed Loki, a god. 
	But I feel fine.
	I. Feel. Fine.
	“Freya, are you alright?” Odin asks.
	“Oh my god,” I whisper, my voice coming out a quiet shriek. I turn to Loki who has come closer to me, sensing (or mind-reading) a change. “Oh—”
	“Yes, yes. Good for you for figuring it out, but we have been asked to leave three times.” He places his hand on my back and leads me, totally and completely stunned, out of the Council Room to where Peter is already waiting in the hall.
	“T-that much energy would have killed you,” I say, pointing at him with a shaking finger.
	“Yes, it would have. If you had not been there.” He removes his hand from my back and clasps both behind his.
	“So how am I not dead?” My voice is a squeak.
	He chuckles.
	“Loki, please!” My head swims.
	“It would seem, my dear Freya,” he says, his smile growing wider, “that you possess more magic than anyone originally thought.”










Chapter 22

	Loki watches me intently, waiting as I fumble through my thoughts for something to say. My breath begins to come in short gasps and I have to hold it for a moment before I can finally talk.
	“So,” I say, “you mean that I helped you get rid of the electric field?”
	He nods. “Yes. That is precisely what I mean.”
	“Okay.” I nod. My legs begin to shake and the world begins to tip a little. “Okay,” I repeat, lowering myself to the ground. Sit down sit down sit down sit down now or you will faint.
	I sit there for a moment, staring at Loki’s feet and trying not to hyperventilate as anxious thoughts whiz around my brain leaving no room for calming down. How did I do that? How do I have that much magic? All I can do is burn a leaf. And I was just trying to save Loki. That’s it. I wasn’t trying to become a conducting wire. I just wanted Loki to...not die!
	Then my thoughts mesh together into one particular idea and my not-really-but-sort-of-controlled breathing unravels.
	“L-Loki,” I gasp, my voice barely a whisper. “I wasn’t...I wasn’t trying to do what I did so—” I break off and take a breath. It feels like everything inside me is quivering and making my lungs turn into raisins. “So...does that mean I’m...dangerous?” The last word is only half there but Loki hears it and a pained look crosses over his face.
	“No, Freya.” His voice matches the quietness of mine, but doesn’t sound as strangled. “No, that does not mean you are dangerous.”
	I just want normal. I just want normal!
	 I nod again, the backs of my eyes burning. Pressing the heels of my hands against them, I watch the weird colors and swirls burst behind my eyelids. I cough and gag a little, feeling as if an invisible person is choking me.
	“Freya,” Loki says close to my head. I’ve leaned over, my arms on my crossed legs and my hands over my eyes. “Freya, you will faint. Take a breath.” 
	I suck in a slow breath and with it I whisper, “I just want normal.” 
	I feel someone’s hand on my back; from the awkward pats I realize it’s Peter. I should be touched that someone I just met is trying to make me feel better—he must be a nice guy. But I don’t feel better. All I feel is overwhelmed and scared; and all I do is whisper the same four words over and over because, for some reason, the repetition is helping me breath. “I just want normal.”
	“Freya, are you breathing normally?” Loki pulls my hands away from my face and holds them; his fingers are so long that they completely enclose my hands and I stare at them and breath and try to hold myself together. “Freya?”
	I don’t look at him. Instead I focus more intensely on our hands: how his are warm and soft, how mine feel dry and crackly, how his hold mine still even though they are shaking uncontrollably.
	“What are you whispering?” he asks.
	I finally meet his gaze. “I...I just want normal.”
	He presses his lips together and shifts. He looks as if he wants to do and say something, really do and say something. But then the moment passes and all he does is squeeze my hands, and all he says is, “I believe that your definition of normal has drastically changed.”
	I feel tears prick at the backs of my eyes but force them away with a short laugh.
	“Yes,” I murmur, “I suppose it has.”
	Loki squeezes my hands one more time before letting go and standing. He offers his hand to me and I take it. He pulls me up a little too fast and I fly against his chest.
	“Yay, you leveled up,” I say quietly.
	“I really do not understand what you are referring to,” he answers in the same tone.
	“Video games. I’ll show you sometime.”
	Peter Quill clears his throat. “Do you want me to leave, or...”
	I jump and step back from Loki, apologizing under my breath. For a moment I’d forgotten all about him.
	“No, Peter. Uh...” I look around and push down all of my overwhelmed feelings to deal with later. “How about we go for a walk.”
	“Freya, I would like to return to my room.”
	I look at Loki. “What?”
	“My room.”
	“Oh, um, okay,” I say. I turn to the guard who stands in front of the council room doors. He looks familiar and I fish for his name before speaking. “Lidolv! Yes, okay, we’re going for a walk after I,” I glance at Loki, “take Loki to his room.”
	“Yes, m’lady. I will inform the Allfather if he inquires. Where do you think you will be walking?” 
	“Maybe outside. By his ship just so I can take a look at it; it looked cool.” Anything to take my thoughts away from...everything.
	Lidolv nods and I turn to find that Loki has already started down the hall.

***

	“So,” I say, kicking the pebble Peter and I have been dribbling down the path, “how’s Earth?”
	“Er...well, I haven’t really been there in a while.” He kicks the pebble to me.
	“I guess I kinda figured, since you have a spaceship and you found your way to the realm of the Norse gods.”
	“Yeah, but I really haven’t been there in a while. Years, I mean.”
	I freeze mid kick. “Wait, what?”
	“I got taken from Terra—er, Earth—when I was eight.”
	“What?” I cry. “You mean you haven’t been there for— 
	“Twenty-five years.” He shakes his head. “No...I guess not.”
	“Oh my god. So you don’t know what iPhones are?” I ask. “Did you have a...a...what was out then.... Not the oldest iPod probably. I don’t know.”
	“What’s an iPod?”
	I laugh, jumping giddily. “I have so much to show you.” Then I think for a second. “Then again, you’ve probably been with advanced life forms or something for a while so nothing Earth has would surprise you, I guess...”
	“iPod?”
	“Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything at some point.” I find another stone and kick it back to him. “Want me to give you a tour of all the places I know?”
	“Sure. Then...we could go exploring.” He wiggles his eyebrows at me. 
	“We certainly could, but Odin would probably get mad, and he already is mad at me.”
	“He wouldn’t have to find out,” Peter says, kicking the rock up into the air. I dodge it just before it smacks me in the forehead. 
	“I told Lidolv where we were going, so if Odin needs us and we aren’t by your ship or on the paths, he would know something’s up.”
	“Maybe later then, when we haven’t specified where we’re going.”
	“Maybe.” I grin at him.
	We walk in silence for while. The ground begins to rise slightly and small purple flowers become visible in the grass.
	“What about you? How long have you been away from Earth?” 
	“I don’t really know. It was September 10th when I got abducted and I don’t know if time here is different from time on Earth.”
	“How’d you get here?”
	“I was kidnapped. It’s kinda a long story.”
	He motions to the Bifrost you can just see over the flowery hill top. “Seeing as my ship’s become a hunk of metal, I think I have enough time to hear your long story.”
	“Alright...” I then go on to explain everything that has happened to me until his arrival and watch as his eyebrows almost pop off the top of his head.
	“Damn,” he says once I’ve finished. “You can really burn leaves?”
	“That’s what you got from all that?”
	“I’m sorry, but you just said you can use magic.”
	“Yeah, I did. I’m not really that good at it though. I have to practice.”
	“Damn,” he repeats. “You’ve been through a lot.”
	“To say the least,” I agree.
	We walk farther down the path and the slight incline turns steeper. As we hike up the hill, I begin to sprint. I run the rest of the way, to beat Peter to the top. To my left is a wide view of the sea. In front of me I can see the Bifrost and the sparkling rainbow bridge. When I turn around to look for Peter, I see a part of the village I’ve never seen before. 
	Peter finally reaches my side and pauses to look around, his eyes widening as he takes in his surroundings. 
	I swing out my arms and spin around. “Welcome to Asgard!” I cry.
	He laughs.
	“Allow me to point everything out to you.”
	“Okay.”
	“So, as you know, that is the Bifrost where your ship crashed. The sparkly colorful thing is called the Rainbow Bridge—”
	“Very creative.”
	I smile. “What would you call it?”
	He shrugs.
	“At least it sounds better than Sparkly Colorful Bridge,” I say, continuing down the path.
	“I guess that’s true.” He follows me down the pathway. “Is that sea really falling into space?”
	“Yeah.”
	“How?”
	“I don’t know. I’m pretty sure physics doesn’t apply in Asgard—especially since the whole world is flat.”
	“How do you know that?”
	“I took a mythology class in college. Though I suppose you could actually hang your head over and look, but since I don’t exactly know how gravity works here, you could possibly get seriously injured doing that.”
	“Then I’ll just take your word for it,” he says, laughing.
	The path we’ve been walking along merges with the one that connects the palace directly to the Rainbow Bridge. From here we can see all the way down the Bridge to where Peter’s ship lies.
	“When you first got here, you were saying something about coordinates?” I ask.
	“Yeah, but there’s no way to get them with everything busted.”
	We turn left and head down the Bridge toward his ship.
	“Did you write them down anywhere?” I ask, staring down at the rainbows and light that fly out from my feet whenever I take a step.
	“If I’d known I was going to crash into an electric see-through ball, I would have taken extra precautions.”
	“Well,” I say, “maybe I could make it work.”
	“How?”
	I hold up my hands and wiggle my fingers at him.  “Magic!”  He raises an eyebrow at me and I just shrug. “If it works, you’ll be amazed; trust me.”
	“If it works?”
	“It’s harder than you think. As I mentioned, the only thing I’ve been able to do successfully is burn leaves...” I trail off as we finally reach the ship. It is huge, orange, and looks like something taken directly from Star Wars. 
	“Nice, huh?” Peter asks, trailing his hand over the metal.
	“Yeah...” I breathe. I walk around one of the wings. It is crushed against the Rainbow Bridge and definitely won’t be able to fly again. Some other pieces of orange and grey metal scatter the Bridge and in front of us is the glass door; the glass is perfectly intact but it’s hinges are stretched and bent.
	“Damn, she took more damage than I thought.” Peter looks at the entrance—which should be on top of the ship but isn’t since it’s lying on its side—then awkwardly hoists himself inside.
	I follow him, a little less awkwardly, and immediately trip over some fallen boxes and metal. I fling out my arm. The first thing I happen to grab is Peter’s arm, and due to the tilting of the ship, he slips and we both fall against the metal side. His head smacks against something and a small object falls and hits my cheekbone. I land on his chest and mumble out an unintelligible apology before scrambling to stand up.
	Once I’m on my feet, I look down. “Are you okay?” I ask.
	He groans in response and rubs the side of his head. 
	“Sorry.”
	He sits up. “No, no, it’s fine. I enjoy falling and breaking my skull.” He holds his hands out to me and I pull him up without falling. Then I look to see what it was that hit me. It’s a small, black rectangle and I pick it up and flip it over.
	“Awesome Mix, Volume One,” I read.
	“Yeah,” Peter says, taking the tape from me. “It must’ve fallen out of my Walkman when I hit my head.”
	He looks around and then, apparently spotting what he was looking for, walks over to the control station and picks something up off the ground. He puts the tape inside it and comes back.
	“I’m willing to bet,” he says as he presses a button on the small tape player he’s holding, “that, being from Earth, you have heard all the songs on here.”
	“You’re probably right, but I am dying to know what songs you find awesome enough to put on a mix tape titled ‘Awesome Mix, Volume One.’”
	“Listen and see,” he says with a smile, handing me the headphones.
	I put them on, he presses play and instantly the opening sequence to Escape (The Piña Colada Song) fills my ears. 
	Peter says something.
	“What?” I yell.
	He repeats what he said, but I still can’t hear him.
	“What?” I ask, pulling off one of the headphones.
	“You made a face. What song is it?”
	 “The Piña Colada Song.”
	“Do you not like the Piña Colada Song?”
	“No! I do, it’s just not one of my favorites.”
	He presses the skip button and puts the headphones over my ears. Now it’s a slow song that I don’t recognize.
	“This sounds like a slow-dance song,” I say.
	Peter looks like he’s about to say something but then he jumps and turns around. I pull the headphones off, still hearing the music from where they rest around my neck, and follow him to the entrance of the ship.
	Heimdall stands on the Bridge looking up at us.
	“What’s going on?” I ask.
	“You both are needed by the Allfather,” the Seer says. “It seems they have reached a decision.”
***

	“Must he constantly be with us?” Loki whispers from where he stands behind me.
	“Yes,” I say, focusing on the leaf I’m trying to burn. Instead of the small, heart-shaped ones I’ve been practicing on, I am holding the stem of a leaf the size of my face; I didn’t think it’d make that much difference, but, since I have yet to even singe it a little bit, it apparently does.
	I feel Loki’s aggravation radiating into my back so I close my eyes to try to ignore it, focusing more intently on the leaf I’m holding. I remember the warmth I’ve felt every other time I’ve done magic and concentrate on that memory. A moment passes but then I feel the center of my chest grow warm. Slowly, it radiates out into my arm, down to my hand, through my fingers. And then—
	“Oh my god!” Peter cries.
	I open my eyes to see that the leaf I am holding is burning and the flames lick a few inches into the air.
	“Very good,” Loki says. 
	I turn to look at him. “This has never happened before!” I cry.
	“I am well aware,” he says, “but you may not want to turn away from an open flame. Especially one you are holding.”
	Right when he says this, my fingers grow hotter and it’s not from magic. I look down at my hand just in time to see the fire eat the last bit of stem above my fingertips, then drop it. The embers float to the ground and I stomp on them a couple times.
	“Ow,” I mutter, looking at my hand. The tips of my thumb and forefinger are red.
	“That is what I meant,” Loki murmurs. He takes my hand, and I protest that my fingers aren’t that burned; they are fine. But he ignores me and, holding my hand just above the wrist in one palm, holds his other hand over my fingers. My fingers tingle and I see pale blue light glowing from his palm.
	I look up at him once the tingling has stopped.
	“There,” he says, meeting my gaze. “Do not be as foolish in the future.” He drops my hand and looks away.
	“You both have magic?” Peter asks. He stands up from his seat at the base of a tree.
	“Yeah,” I say. And Loki mutters, “I am a god,” and something else that sounds like you dull creature. I glance at him and feel my face grow warm when I see him watching me. Am I blushing? He grins, but then it’s gone and Peter is walking over to me.
	“That is so cool,” he exclaims. “What else can you do, besides burn stuff and conduct electricity?”
	I laugh a little, looking over Peter’s blonde head at Loki. The god looks extremely pissed as he stares out at the sea, brows furrowed and eyes dark. “I created a ball of light by accident once, with some help.” I look at Loki again and am relieved when I see him soften a little at my words.
Chapter 23

	I glance across the table at Loki for probably the seventh time and he is in the same position he’s been in the last six: rigid back, hard eyes staring down at his food or glowering at Peter, hand clenching his fork or cup. But this time, instead of noticing me and ignoring me, he catches my eye and we sit looking at one another until Peter nudges me with his knee. I jump a little and look at him.
	“Hmm?” I ask.
	“I was saying how yesterday you said you’d show me some sword fighting or something,” Peter says, grinning at me. 
	“She did?” Thor exclaims loudly and excitedly from my other side. “That is very coincidental as I’ve been meaning to practice with her again.”
	“I’ve been meaning to ask again,” I say, smiling. “Two great minds think alike.”
	“Indeed! After we finish our meal, we can all go to the Armory,” Thor says, smiling back. “Quill, how fair you with a sword?”
	“Uh, probably not well,” Peter says. “I can use a gun, and other weapons like that. Or my boot; I am very skilled at kicking things.”
	I laugh and Loki’s jaw clenches as he grabs his cup and takes an angry sip.
	Peter has been here for five days now and since he arrived, Loki has become increasingly irritated. His mood started to change the day after I showed Peter around. The three of us were in a small sitting room. Peter and I were talking about soccer (one of the only things we could talk in depth about since he was only on Earth for...not that long) and Loki, who had been listening, had picked up a book. Every so often, his eyes would flick to me and I would feel my face flush but before I had time to catch his eye, he would always look away. 
	He got colder and more distant as the days went on, noticeably so when Peter was around. The only answer I could think of and can think of still is impossible—I mean, it has to be. He is Loki, God of Mischief and Lies; he can’t possibly be jealous of Peter.
	“Perhaps what you will learn today,” Thor says, “will be helpful to you when you do not have a gun or such other devices.” He smiles wider. “I prefer my hammer, but Lady Sif is one of the most talented swordsmen I know—or swordswomen, I should say.”
	“Indeed you should,” Sif says, shooting him a look.
	“And Loki, my brother,” he continues after smiling at Sif, “is a most adept spearman. Perhaps he could—”
	“I would rather not,” Loki cuts in, looking up from his plate.
	“Oh, come now, brother! It will be fun!”
	“Teaching someone to fight with wooden props is not something I wish to add to my morning. Especially someone who relies too heavily on his guns and...superior technology.”
	Thor sits back in his seat. “Oh, come now, Loki!”
	“I’m sure Peter would be open to using new weapons,” I say before I fully realize this isn’t going to help in anyway whatsoever.
	“I am sure he would,” Loki says, glowering at me. He stands, pushing his chair in methodically, then turns without another word and walks out.
	I mentally slap myself. Shit. I’m such an idiot.
	As the door closes behind him, I get up and push my chair in too.
	“I’m going to...um...” 
	Frigga, who by now is also standing, nods at me and takes her seat.
	In the time that it has taken me to walk out the door, Loki has walked almost to the end of the long hall.
	“Loki!” I call, starting to jog after him. He doesn’t stop so I run faster to catch up with his long strides. When I fall in step beside him, I’m breathing heavily. I look up at his face, trying my best to stay with him. His eyes have turned such a dark color that looking into them is like trying to squint through misty greenery at night and his mouth is a thin line, his lips white.
	“Loki,” I say softly, but he keeps walking. “Okay, stop!” I jump in front of him and press my hand against his chest. Now he stops.
	He closes his eyes and takes a breath. “Freya, I—”
	“Loki, I know what’s wrong.” I frown at my hand that’s touching his jacket, but don’t take it away. Instead I find one of the metal decorations and begin to fiddle with it before looking at his face again. “And I just want to say that I’m sorry I’ve been spending so much time with Peter, it’s just I haven’t been home in so long. And he is the first person I have seen from Earth since I got here. 
	“We were talking about familiar things like soccer and old movies and stuff and it was just nice to have a little of that because I’ve been feeling kind of homesick I guess—I mean, I have been the whole time I’ve been here, but I didn’t realize just how homesick I was until he got here. So...um...I’m sorry and I could tell you were getting frustrated and...and I don’t want you to think that I—I don’t know—that I—” I stop talking because I really have no idea what I’m trying to say. Focusing on the metal bit of his jacket I’m holding, I play with it more as I try to think of something else to say. 
	I start to say his name but right when I do, he takes my hand away from his jacket, his fingers light on my skin. Then he slides his arms around me and pulls me against him. I stand frozen, feeling one of his hands press against my back and the other just below the base of my neck. Everything inside me is telling at me to do something, to not just stand there. And another part of me has started screaming—partly from excitement and partly from the confusion I feel because I am...excited.
	I take a breath and move on the exhale; I stand on my tip toes, wrap my arms around his neck and rest my forehead just below his shoulder. Now it’s his turn to stand there frozen but a second later he pulls me fully against him, this time holding me tighter and lifting me up a little. Everything inside me squeals and starts dancing but at the same time it all melts. A small sigh slips through my lips and then anything unmelted inside me crumbles as Loki sighs too. 
	“Loki?” I murmur a few moments later.
	“Hmm?”
	“I don’t like Peter,” I say firmly, hoping he knows what I mean without my having to say ‘like-like’ and risk sounding like a ten year old.
	He laughs and even though it’s short and not very loud, it sounds relieved. I smile to myself and hug him tighter.

***

	“Forehead, across, across, waist, behind, thrust, guard,” Thor and I say simultaneously, then stare at each other, smiling.
	“Honestly, I’m surprised I remember it all,” I say. “You’re such a good teacher that your lessons stuck after one practice.”
	“You doubted my teaching skills, did you?” he asks, brandishing a wooden longsword at me.
	I hold up my hands in defense. “No, no! I never doubted you for a moment, your thunder-ness.” I give him an exaggerated curtsy, then pick my sword up from the ground. “To show you just how well I remember, shall we dual so Peter sees what we mean by the words we just listed?”
	“Of course!” He gets into a fighting stance. “Remember, feet shoulder-width apart.” 
	“Yes, yes, I know,” I say. I hold my sword at the ready.
	“Forehead!” Thor cries as he chops down at me. I block it and instantly bring my sword to my side to block his slashes—one, two. “Waist.”
	“Yup!” I dance away from his sword then go for his waist.
	He grins at me. “You have turned the tides.” 
	I laugh as he thrusts his sword at me. I knock it away and jab at his chest, tapping it with the tip of my sword.
	“Ha ha!” I yell as I pump a fist in the air. 
	“Very good!” He nods at me. “Now I believe it is time for Quill to learn.”
	I hand over my sword then walk to where Loki sits, back against a wall, a book open on his lap.
	“So,” I say, plopping down, “wanna teach me how to use a spear or something?”
	He finishes the sentence he is on before looking up at me. “Hm?”
	“I said, do you want to teach me any sword or spear skills? I heard you were ‘a most adept spearman.’”
	He looks down at his book, sighs, then closes it reluctantly. “I...suppose.”
	“If you learn rather quickly,” Thor calls, “then we can all practice together.”
	Loki scoffs. “That sounds—”
	“Fun!” I cry, receiving an unamused look from the God of Mischief. I grin at him. 
	Shaking his head, he rises and walks over to where two long wooden poles lean against the wall. He picks them up, tests their weight, then tosses one at me. I let out a small shriek as the pole lands in my hands, the momentum, however, causing it to smack me in the forehead.
	“Ow.”
	Loki chuckles and walks over to me.
	“That,” he says lowly, “is payback for when you cut me in the kitchens.”
	“But that was an accident.”
	“Yes, and I did not mean to hit you in the head.” He touches my forehead with his thumb. It’s the spot that got bumped, but I don’t feel any pain from a bruise, I just feel warmth.
	“Is it red?” I ask, a little breathlessly. I clear my throat, hoping he didn’t sense anything (but who am I kidding? He probably did.).
	“Some.”
	“Will I live?” I smile a little.
	“Most likely.” He smiles and shrugs. “Now!” He backs away from me, the spot where his thumb had been still tingling.
	I’m so confused. He’s the God of Mischief, he—
	“Ehm, Freya. Have you heard anything I’ve said?”
	“No, sorry.”
	“Well, are you present now?”
	“Mmmhmm, yup.”
	“Good.” He gives me an odd, brow-furrowed expression, but then it passes. “Hold your staff like so.” He slides his hands about a foot and a half apart and points the end of the pole at me. I do the same and try to copy his slightly lowered stance. “What I am about to show you are the most basic moves. However, when you truly know what you are doing, it will look something like this.”
	Loki starts by moving his hands so that the opposite end of the pole is facing me. Then he whips it around and away from him, spinning it over his head and stopping it behind his back. I cheer before realizing he’s not done. As he continues, his moves get more graceful and fluid; it looks almost like a dance and it’s beautiful to watch. He moves faster until the staff is a blur and his hair is flying out in all directions. 
	Suddenly, his body stops moving. His hand comes around and he hits the head off one of the training dummies. I jump as the impact sends the head flying, straw trailing after it.
	I begin clapping and from behind me Peter cheers and Thor says, “Well done, Loki!” But Loki just stands with his back to me, breathing hard.
	“Loki?” He doesn’t seem to hear me so I walk forward and raise my arm to touch his shoulder. Before my fingertips even brush his jacket, he starts and whips around. The pole in his hand hits my side and I hear a sickening crack then fall to the ground.
	I lie there moaning, my side aching and Loki, frozen, staring down at me. Tears begin to stream down my face but I wipe them away. Loki throws the pole away from him, grimacing, and kneels next to me.
	“Freya, I am sorry.” 
	“It’s alright,” I say, trying to sit up, but, feeling a stab of pain, lie back on my elbow. “Ow.”
	“Where are you hurt?” One of his hands hovers above my torso like he doesn’t know what to do.
	Realizing something is wrong, Thor and Peter rush over. They ask if I’m alright. I nod and they back away to give Loki room.
	“My side,” I say. I allow him to slip his hand under my shoulders and pull me onto his bent knees. 
	“I will have to—” He cuts off and motions to my tunic.
	Thank God I didn’t wear a dress or this would be a lot more awkward.
	“Right,” I say and shift to pull the shirt up, but this movement causes another shot of pain to erupt in my ribs. I grit my teeth. “You’re gonna have to do that.” 
	He moves to lift my shirt, hesitating for a moment before hooking the fabric with a finger and sliding it up to expose the skin over my right ribcage. 
	“This will hurt,” he says.
	“Great,” I mutter and squeeze my eyes shut.
	At first there’s just the growing feeling of warmth that flows over my skin and covers the pain. But a second later I feel a needle prick of pain under my skin, and this speck of pain grows larger than the warmth I felt at first. The pain brings the sensation of grinding and I scream, reaching out and grabbing someone’s hand. More grinding before a soft pop then all the pain disappears, returning to warmth once again.
	“There,” Loki says. He brushes a tear from my cheek. “You can open your eyes now.”
	I blink a couple times, my head falling back onto Loki’s leg, let go of the hand I’ve been holding (Thor’s) and, with Loki’s help, I sit up. 
	“Thank you,” I say, smiling at him and wiping another tear away. “But I have one question.”
	“What is it?”
	“Why is it that healing hurts more than the initial injury?”

***

	That night, after some minor exploration and dinner, I change into my normal bedtime attire and barely make it to the mattress before I’m asleep. 
	In my dream Malekith is dancing on stage at my college, singing a song about torture with some floating needles that sway back and forth to the beat. The music intensifies; the band (more Dark Elves playing instruments made from various sharp objects) plays louder and louder and louder until a cacophony of weird sounding flutes is all I hear. I watch myself run as the needles shoot at me then jump off the stage and chase me through the rows of seats. Then the needles start singing the chorus—just a series of increasingly loud thumps—and they get closer and closer until the tips are no more than an inch from my face. They pull back, ready to stab me, then rush forward and—
	I sit up in bed and rub my face frantically. I still have the sense that something is too close to me and look around and under my pillow, but nothing’s there. Lying back down, I shift into a more comfortable position and close my eyes.
	Knock, knock. Knock, knock.
	My eyes fly open and again I’m sitting up in bed, this time with my gaze fixed on the door.
	Knock, knock.
	Oh dear god, what if I’m still dreaming? What if this is one of those dreams within a dream where you know you’re dreaming and have trouble waking up or something? The needles are still singing outside my door and they’re going to come in and—
	“Freya!” comes Loki’s hushed voice.
	“Thank god,” I whisper and swing myself out of bed. Hurrying over to the door, I open it and peak out. He stands there, a blanket under his arm, looking nervous.
	“Hi,” I say. “What do you need?”
	He shifts a little, his right hand playing with his left.
	“Well?” A smile inches across my lips.
	“I came to perhaps make up for my hitting you twice.”
	“And you thought a good way would be waking me up in the middle of the night?” 
	“You have not heard my full plan.” He grins mischievously.
	“Oh, well in that case, come in.” I step aside and he enters.
	Once I’ve closed the door, I turn to find him rummaging through my wardrobe. When he finds what he’s looking for, he stands and brandishes another blanket.
	“Blankets,” I observe. 
	“Very good.”
	“What are we doing?”
	“We,” he says, walking to my balcony door, “are going for a late night stroll.”
	“Alright then,” I say and walk over, noticing a bounce enter my step. He opens the door and lets me go out before closing it behind us. 
	We descend the stairs and Loki leads me to a path I’ve never noticed before. The air around us is cool but a warm breeze moves the trees of the garden lightly. The planets’ light creates shadows that stretch out across the path and shapes that look like creatures hiding around tree trunks and behind bushes. 
	I draw closer to Loki and a small smile crosses his lips.
	As we get deeper into the garden the types of trees change from pines and maples to small willow-like ones and others with blossoms that have closed for the night. The shadows slowly disappear as the trees begin to grow further apart. Then I notice the sound of splashing water and before us I see a break in the trees where the path leads into a clearing.
	We finally escape the trees and the source of the splashing reveals itself.
	In the clearing before us is a large body of water, in the midst of which is a small island. A pavilion made of light colored wood stands at its center, surrounded by fountains. Two bridges lead to the island pavilion, one from either side of the clearing. Small gold lilies dot the water, each with a little ball of light hovering in its center. They look like lanterns, their warm glow shining off the still and sparkling waters.
	“Oh my god,” I breath, stopping in my tracks and taking in the view in front of me. “Oh Loki, it’s beautiful! I didn’t know this was here. Oh my god.”
	He turns from where he stands on one of the bridges. “It is very lovely, however this is not our final destination.”
	“Oh!”
	He motions for me to follow so I rush after him, pausing briefly to kneel down and watch one of the flowers float by. When I look up, Loki is already crossing the other bridge.
	I continue, staring at the pavilion as I pass. In the wood are small spirals of silver, gold and jade. 
	“Loki, this is so beautiful!” I say, finally catching up to him. “How do all those lights just hover in the flowers?”
	“Magic.”
	I look back for one last glimpse before we reenter the garden. The path curves and the fountains and pavilion are out of sight. 
	We walk along in silence for a while and I watch as the willowy trees give way to only the trees with the pink flowers.
	“Where are we—” I start, but stop as we pass out of the garden and enter another clearing. This one opens to a view of the sea and the Bifrost peaking out from behind the trees. I look past the sea into space and gasp as two shooting stars whiz past.
	I walk forward, stopping abruptly before the edge of a small cliff. It drops ten feet down to sand that leads into the surf. Waves crash against the shore and fill the air with a slight mist and the smell of salt. 
	Loki comes up behind me. “I remember,” he whispers, his breath on my ear making me shiver, “you saying that your favorite sounds are the wind in the trees and a stream over rocks. I hope waves will suffice.”
	“Yeah,” I say. My voice catches in my throat when I turn and see how close he is. “Yeah, waves will suffice.” I stand there and time slows down. But then he clears his throat and steps back. And I step back. And time speeds up again.
	“I am glad.” He smiles, then walks a few feet away from the edge of the cliff and unfolds one of the blankets. 
	I join him and help spread it out, flattening the wrinkles in the woven fabric. Loki sits and I scoot on and lie down. I rest my head on my hand, propping myself up with my elbow, and look at him.
	“Hello,” I say.
	“Hello.” He chuckles and looks out at the sea. I follow his gaze and watch as more shooting stars fly by.
	“Is it a meteor shower?” I ask, looking at him. He nods. I look back at the sea and then close my eyes, listening to the waves. I lie all the way down and cross my arms behind my head. The wind picks up a little, fluttering my hair around my face, and a small sigh escapes my lips. “Loki?”
	“Yes?” His voice is quiet and I don’t have to look to know he’s smiling.
	“What happened earlier today, in the armory?”
	“What do you mean?” Now his voice is tight and I open my eyes. He’s staring off at nothing in particular.
	“After you hit the head off the dummy, you didn’t move.”
	He presses his lips together, then says, “It is nothing. It was just the first time I did anything close to fighting since—” He glances at me but I already know he’s referring to New York. “I apologize again for my actions; I truly did not mean to break your rib.”
	I roll onto my side to look at him and rest my head on my arm. Loki, I see, is now lying down, one leg bent, hands behind his head.
	“It’s okay.” I yawn before I can stop myself. “But,” I say, all of the sudden feeling overwhelmingly tired, “I will get payback.”
	“Will you?”
	“Yes, and you won’t see it coming.” My voice comes out slightly mumbled and he laughs. I look at him, narrowing my eyes. “What’s so funny?”
	“My dear, your threats do not sound even half as menacing when you are sleepy.”
	I close my eyes again.
	“Yeah, well...”
	“However,” his voice is right next to my head, “I believe you.”
	When I dare to open my eyes, he’s back to lying with his leg propped. He meets my gaze and raises an eyebrow at me.
	“Uh...good!” I say, a little too loudly and a little too nervously. I sit up and rub my face, trying to de-blush it, but I don’t think it does any good. Eventually I lie back down and stare up at the stars. 
	“Freya,” Loki whispers.
	I open my eyes—I hadn’t realized I’d closed them again—and roll over. 
	“Yes?” I yawn.
	“Watch.” He is sitting and points at the sky. I sit up and look where he’s pointing.
	At first I don’t see anything, but then one star in particular begins to grow brighter and bigger until it starts moving. The meteor hurtles toward us and flies over our heads. I spin around in time to see the end of its tail pass over us.
	“Oh!” I cry. The meteor continues flying, getting farther and farther away until I can barely see it. I turn back and stare at Loki. “How did you know that was going to happen?”
	“I did not, at least not until about a minute ago.” He lies back down and so do I, still feeling exhausted despite the moment of excitement.
	I yawn again and curl up a little on the blanket. Closing my eyes, I hear Loki humming to himself. I smile, but because I’m so tired, I’m not sure if I do it physically or if it’s just in my head.

...

	I open my eyes, waking from a surprisingly pleasant dream that involved me and Loki dancing to whatever song he had been humming. For a moment I think I’m back in my bed, but then I realize that it’s just the grass under the blanket that has formed to my body. While I slept, Loki put the blanket he had arrived with over me (the same one I had woken under that time I accidentally fell asleep on his couch).
	I stretch and sit up, reluctantly leaving my comfy position, and spot Loki standing by the edge of the cliff facing the Bifrost. Pulling the blanket around my shoulders, I join him.
	“Did you have a nice nap?” he asks, not looking at me.
	“Yes, thank you for the blanket.”
	“It was nothing.”
	I follow his gaze to the Bifrost and watch the colors of the Rainbow Bridge ripple and swirl. Out of the corner of my eye, I see his jaw clench. I fully face him, frowning. His eyes are dark and match the blue-green sea they stare over; his brows are slightly furrowed and his lips are pressed together.
	“What’s wrong?” I ask quietly.
	He closes his eyes as if to rid himself of his thoughts, then looks down at me.
	“Nothing you should concern yourself with.”
	“Why?” I raise my eyebrows at him, but he doesn’t answer. “Is it about earlier?”
	He looks at his boots, blinks, and looks back at me. “Yes.”
	Was that so hard? “So I repeat my question: what’s wrong?” I watch him, waiting. 
	“When I...dropped from the Rainbow Bridge I landed in a horrible place,” he stiffens, “and there, I was—” Loki looks back at the Bifrost and takes a breath. “There I was...given a scepter that I used when I invaded your realm. It had a certain power—it was able to intensify one’s emotions, take even those deepest inside you and bring them to the surface, multiplying them tenfold.”
	I wrap the blanket through my fingers, biting my lip. I must look more nervous than I was trying to let on because when he glances at my face, his eyes soften to near blue and he looks a little sad.
	“I am not trying to excuse my actions on Midgard, Freya.”
	I nod. “I...” I pause, thinking through how to word what I want to say. “I am not saying all that you did was okay, because it’s not—it was my planet you were attacking. And...um...I might get angry about it sometimes, but I promise to not let that be the only thing that defines you...to me. And I promise to not bring it up just to be a jerk, and—” Then Loki grabs me and pulls me into a hug. His forehead rests in the crook of my neck (which must not be that comfortable considering I’m much shorter than he is) and I feel his whole body shudder. I place my hands on his shoulder blades and hold him tighter, feeling a small splash on my collarbone. 
	We stand like that for a while. Then my blanket falls from my shoulders. Loki immediately lets me go and lunges for it before the slight wind can carry it over the edge of the cliff. He walks back and hands it to me, turning back to the sea with a smile in his eyes.
	“Thank you for the blanket,” I say, pulling it back around me.
	“It was nothing,” he murmurs. 
	A minute of us not saying anything passes, then I drop one of my hands and reach sideways, feeling for Loki’s fingers. I find them and slip my hand into his. He closes his hand around mine and I smile down at my feet.
	
...

	Once back at my room, Loki hangs one of the blankets over the balcony railing (the other is still wrapped around my shoulders). “I should take my leave,” he says.
	I nod, starting to feel nerves knot in my stomach; sleep means the possibility of more nightmares. “Okay,” I murmur, not sure if I actually speak or if I just move my lips.
	I don’t want to be alone.
	“Sleep well, Freya,” Loki says. 
	I won’t. 
	He catches my hand and presses my knuckles to his lips. I can’t help but smile as a blush tiptoes up my cheeks, then he turns to go. I make up my mind.
	“U-um, Loki?”
	He pauses and looks over his shoulder at me, the light of the lamp illuminating his face and making his cheekbones more prominent. My breath catches again and I clear my throat. That’s been happening a lot.
	“Uh, would you be able—I mean...um...could—could you stay?” I can feel myself blushing again... I hate that! “I don’t mean... Er, I mean in my room. I’ve just been having bad dreams a lot recently and...umm....Could you stay tonight?”
	He crosses the room, returning to me in three long strides. Then he takes my hand, and says, “I would be honored to scare away your nightmares.”

***

	Loki lies down on the sofa and rests his head on the pillows Freya had tossed him. He rests one foot on the ground, the other hanging a little ways off the end, and pulls a blanket up to his chest. He isn’t very comfortable, the couch being far to small for his tall frame, but he smiles to himself as Freya’s breaths slow and soften into sleep.
	Closing his eyes, he dozes off for what seems like a minute before he is awakened by a scream. Freya is sitting up, her head in her hands and her shoulders shaking.
	Loki throws off the blanket and approaches the bed. He lowers himself slowly beside her, so he doesn’t startle her.
	“Freya,” he whispers. She jumps then looks up at him. Her eyes are red and tears trail down her cheeks. A moment passes of them looking at each other, but then Freya shifts and moves closer to him, starting to cry harder. 
	He gathers her into his arms and she presses her forehead to his chest.
	“Malekith wanted me to find—” She gasps. “He wanted me to find something but I didn’t know where it was.”
	“It was only a dream,” he whispers. “You are safe; he is not here.”
	She nods.
	“I know. It was just—” Suddenly she looks up at him. “They had my mom, Loki. And Darcy and my aunt. Do you—do you think they really do? What if they know where they live, what if—” She starts sobbing again.
	“I do not know, Freya. However, I do not think he would go to your family or your friends. He knows you are here and now Asgard’s shield is gone. He will try to get you, but we will not let that happen.” Then quieter, “I will not let that happen.”
	“He’ll want me to find it,” Freya whispers. 
	“Find what?”
	“I-I think in my dream is was a rock...or a gem? An amethyst, I think Malekith said.”
	Loki sucks in a short breath. Amethyst. The Amethyst?
	The god blinks and pulls back to look at Freya.
	“Do not worry about it now. It was just a dream.”
	She nods again. “Please don’t leave.”
	“I will not.”
	Freya lies down and pulls the covers over her. Loki waits for her to get settled then lies down next to her on top of the blankets.
	“Thank you,” she whispers, closing her eyes tentatively.
	Loki lies, one leg bent, staring up through the woven metal of the canopy at the ceiling. He closes his eyes, thinking about the Amethyst and Freya’s connection to it, and falls into an uneasy sleep.
	
Chapter 24

	Loki pushes the door to the Council Room open and together we walk in. At once all the faces in the room, including an impatient Allfather, turn to look at us. I freeze at the attention but immediately Loki speaks.
	“She remembers.”
	Odin stands, looking from his son to me and back again, frowning like he’s looking for someone else. Then he nods and, to my surprise, says, “We were waiting for you both. Come, sit. We will start the meeting at once.”
	Loki blinks, obviously shocked too, but then he snaps out of it and motions for me to follow him. We sit in two empty chairs beside Frigga. Loki takes the seat next to his mother and I sit beside Lady Sif who smiles at me.
	I look around the table, recognizing faces from the last meeting. But someone’s missing.
	“Where’s Thor?” I ask in a hushed voice.
	“He left to retrieve you two,” she says. “I thought it was he who brought you here.”
	As soon as she says this, Thor comes through the doors. “Father, I could not—Oh, I suppose it’s because they are here.” He chuckles as he walks to his seat beside Odin, pausing to smile at us before sitting.
	“Now,” Odin calls, his voice carrying over the room, “it is time we begin.” Everyone quiets down and I shift a little. This is the first time I’ve ever been a part of one of these things from the very beginning and the big room is making it daunting.
	“Nervous?” Loki murmurs. 
	“Does it show?” I hiss, tightening my grip on the fabric of my dress.
	His hand covers my fists and eases them apart enough to slip his fingers between mine. “A bit.”
	Out of the corner of my eye I see Frigga smile.
	“Loki, please elaborate on your original statement,” Odin says, breaking apart the moment. Loki squeezes my hand then stands.
	“Of course.” He clears his throat. “As you all know, when Freya first arrived here, the Dark Elf in the dungeons assumed Malekith had something known as the Amethyst. However, he did not. Until now Freya knew only that she was taken to help him find something—she did not know what. We thought it was the Amethyst but could not be sure. She told me…this morning,” a hint of a smile crosses his lips, “that last night she had a dream. She can carry on further.”
	He sits and all eyes turn to me. I get up, take a breath, and begin. “So, um, last night I had a dream, er… a nightmare. Actually a series of nightmares all including Malekith. At one point he had my family.” I can feel my throat closing but I carry on. “And this dream led me to relive what happened in his ship, just different circumstances. Instead of just asking me if I knew and torturing me, he asked me if I knew and tortured them.” I can barely cough out this word so I stop.
	“And what was it Malekith asked you to find?” Odin asked.
	“The Amethyst.”
	“And you remember this clearly?”
	“Yes.”
	“How do you know this was not merely brought on by—”
	“Because!” I cry before I can stop myself. “Because it…it feels different than the other dreams. It feels like a memory when the rest of the dream feels like a dream. It just gets hazy around the edges at that part.” I reluctantly pull whatever I can remember about the nightmare to the front of my mind and I don’t know if my memory is warping the image, but in my mind’s eye I see Malekith asking me where the Amethyst is. But as he forms the words, another elf injects me with something just like what happened in real life and then everything grows hazy and garbled and then: If you help us find the Amethyst, you will be free. But if you do not I will torture you, girl, and in the end I will kill you.
	I remember my response, then kill me, and shudder.
	“It was a memory,” I whisper.
	“What?” Odin asks.
	“Malekith said that if I help them find the Amethyst then I will be free, but if not, he’ll kill me.” I push the sense of terror growing in my stomach as far down as I can for the time being. “Thanks to me, the force field surrounding Asgard is gone. The Dark Elves have no doubt noticed by now and are coming for me. They might even be out there right this moment. Now,” I say, cutting off Odin as he opens his mouth. Not a good move but I need to say this. “Now, here’s my problem. Ever since I got here, I have been excluded from every meeting except the ones that you deemed appropriate. And I mean no disrespect when I say that that’s really pissed me off.” Loki coughs and I glance down to see him covering a smile. “I still don’t understand your reasoning behind not including me in meetings that were clearly about me but right now I’m not questioning your decisions because that won’t do me or you or this meeting any good. What I would like to know is every single detail from those meetings about me and I would like to know them now. Please leave out nothing.”
	I sit down and place my clasped hands on the table. Throughout my speech eyes widened and mouths dropped as I blatantly disrespected the Allfather in front of his Council, and for a moment no one speaks, they just keep staring at me.
	I raise my eyebrows at Odin and watch with bated breath as he mulls over what I said (and probably decides how to punish me).
	God, I hope it’s community service.
	Loki’s knee bumping mine jerks me away from my thoughts. 
	“I’m impressed,” he says lowly, the tone of his voice making my insides do a gymnastic routine. 
	“I’m glad someone is,” I whisper through the butterflies threatening to fly from my stomach and out my mouth.
	“Don’t worry. I do not think he will kill you.”
	I turn on him. He wears a mischievous grin. “You are a complete and utter ass,” I mutter.
	“Am I?”
	I’m about to confirm my remark when Odin finally talks.
	“To fully explain everything, as you have requested, I must start with the Amethyst itself.”
	I nod and around me are a chorus of murmurs, some reluctant to hear what they have heard before, others indifferent.
	“Neither I nor Heimdall know what the Amethyst is—whether it is truly a rock or even if it is tangible. But, because Heimdall got a brief glimpse of Svartalfheim after the field was created, we know the Dark Elves are building a device they could use to wield whatever power the Amethyst possesses. The picture you saw, Freya, when you first came to the Council Room, was a sketch of what Heimdall had seen.”
	I think back to the day I convinced Odin to let Loki out. The paper I had found had a circle with what looked like a hole in the center.
	“Due to the way the device was described, it would be assumed the Amethyst is just that: a powerful gem stone. If it is one of the six Infinity Stones or a seventh, we know not. You remember what I told you about the Infinity Stones, yes?”
	I nod.
	“Then I will not repeat that part. Now, when you first arrived here, Heimdall saw when the field formed. And it later came to my attention that he knew who or what created it. It would seem that, somehow, even in your unconscious state, you were trying to defend yourself; you used the magic you didn’t know you possessed to hide Asgard from all eyes and force the Dark Elves out, in the process blinding Heimdall to everything but Asgard.” Odin pauses to let this information sink in.
	I close my eyes and press my fingers to my temples.
	“H-holy shit,” I whisper.
	I drop my hands to my lap and when I open my eyes, everyone is staring at me again—including Loki. Apparently I wasn’t the only one excluded from this knowledge.
	I look at Loki, who has an extremely peculiar smile on his face. He reaches under the table and pulls one of my hands into his and rubs small circles into my palm. I feel my nerves quiet, but only for a moment.
	“Y-you can keep going,” I say, glancing at Odin then staring at my free hand. I turn it over, palm down, and slowly make a fist. It feels detached, like it doesn’t belong to me. And how could it? How could I have this power coursing through me that I knew nothing about? How could I not know I have the power to light a leaf on fire without a match, make a glowing ball of magic hover over my hands? How could I not know myself?
	I shove my hand under my leg. I can’t look at it, at my legs, at my clothes without feeling like I’m staring at a stranger. 
	“Freya?” Odin says. His voice is surprisingly soft.
	I look up.
	“Do you wish for me to continue?”
	I nod frantically. I need to know if he’s kept anything else about me secret.
	“If you are sure.”
	“I am,” I say. My voice wavers a little.
	“Because of what you and Loki have told me about your dream, it is now clear why Malekith wants you. I too believe that now the field is down, the Dark Elves will return to reclaim you and…urge you to help them. Now that Heimdall has his Sight back, their return will be anticipated and therefore we will be more prepared. Though what I have told you is not everything discussed at the meetings, it is the most important. There may be a time when I tell you more, but until then, I hope you are satisfied with this knowledge.”
	“I am, thank you,” I say.
	“Very well. With that, may I announce this Council Meeting’s end.”
	Loki and I stand, but no one else does.
	“Why is no one moving?” I whisper, everything in me trembling with the echo of what I’ve just learned.
	Loki frowns.
	“Freya,” Odin says, standing. I look at him. “There is one more thing. I know that for your entire stay thus far I have not treated you with hospitality or kindness of any sort and for that I truly apologize.” I feel my mouth fall open and clamp it shut. “I would also like to inform you that I, Frigga, Thor, and the entirety of the Council of Asgard have made it our goal to protect you against any threats.” Odin’s eyes flick to Loki. “It was only too recently that the Nine Realms fell into chaos. I wish to keep the peace a little longer.”
	Then the Allfather clasps his right hand and crosses it over his chest and I almost fall over from shock. “Whether you are in this Realm or another, I will do everything in my power to protect you from Malekith and his forces.”
	Then Thor stands, smiling broadly. “Lady Freya, I too promise to protect you from any threat the Dark Elves pose. And I will also do everything in my power to ensure your safety.” He clasps his right hand and crosses it over his chest as well. Then slowly, one by one around the table, everyone stands and salutes, chorusing “And I!”
	The circle makes its way around the table and jumps to Frigga, leaving Loki for the end. When it is finally his turn, he smiles at me and I wipe away the tears falling down my cheeks. He clasps his hand with my hand still in it and crosses it over his chest, holding my palm against his heart.
	“And I.”

. . .

	“Do you wish for me to stay with you tonight?” Loki asks.
	We stand by the door to my room and I try to anticipate whether my dreams will be good or bad after the meeting today.
	“If you do not desire my company,” he continues—I frown a little at all the things that phrase has meant in so many movies and works of literature, and he smirks—“then I will only come if I think you need me.”
	“Thank you,” I say. I smile at him and open my door, about to walk inside when he catches my hand.
	“Freya.”
	I turn. “Yes?”
	“Today at the Council Meeting, when you learned that you were the one who created the electric field that surrounded Asgard—” I swallow the ball forming in my throat “—what were you thinking?”
	I bite the inside of my cheek. “What-what do you mean?”
	He takes a step closer and I take a step back, not looking at him.
	“Freya, I did not read your thoughts. Though I wanted to, I refrained.” He tilts my chin up with his thumb, his fingers reaching into my hair. “So, I repeat, what were you thinking? You looked very…scared.” His last word is a whisper and I see his eyes turn a dark shade of turquoise grey. 
	I shudder a little as I try to hold back a sob. “How—” My voice cracks and the sob breaks through. I try again, but can’t even get out an H when I just give up and let everything I’ve been more or less bottling up out.
	Loki pulls me against him, one arm wrapped all the way around my torso and the other around my shoulders, and lets me cry.
	After a few minutes of sobs that rake my throat, I’m left with only tears that trail slowly down my face and drip from my chin to Loki’s leather vest.
	“I—” I start in a whisper, trying to push the words out through my quavering lips. “I’m afraid of myself, Loki.”
	I feel him stiffen, but he doesn’t say anything for a long time.
	“My dear.” His voice is thick and I can’t tell if he’s about to start crying too, or laughing. “Of course you already know, but you are hugging a Jotun.” He pulls away to look at me. When I don’t say anything, he continues. “Do you see this sleeve?” he asks, holding up his left arm. Sewn down the green fabric of his shirt is a raised, spiraling decoration that reminds me of the raised markings that appear on his skin when he turns blue. I nod. “Do you know why it differs from the other?”
	“No.” I study his face. It looks like he’s fighting to stay calm; his jaw is clenched slightly and his brows are furrowed.
	“It is late and you look tired so I shall save the full story for later, but I will say that I did not always know I was of another Realm.” He grits his teeth for a moment, then he smiles. “Let us just say that I know what it is like to be afraid of who you are.”
	I look down at my sandaled feet standing a few centimeters away from his boots. A grin flicks across my lips. 
	“What?” he asks.
	“I have more in common with a god,” I say, looking up at him, “than I do with some of my friends down on Earth.”
	His laugh is a breath. “I suppose you do.”
	We stand there in un-awkward silence for a moment, just looking at each other. Loki is the first to break our gaze and does this only to take my hand and press his lips to my knuckles.
	“Sleep well, Freya. And may your nightmares not trouble you tonight.”
	“Goodnight, Loki,” I say and turn to my open bedroom door. But the feeling of Loki’s breath on my ear makes me stop before I can enter my room. 
	He is making it really hard for me to go to bed—and part of me is happy about it.
	“Though I must admit,” he whispers, “I do hope your sleep is fitful so that I may join you once again.”
	A shiver runs down my back and I hear him chuckle.
	“Well, the faster you let me go to bed, the faster you can come check on me,” I say, glancing over my shoulder. He’s gone; so, finally, I walk into my room and close the door. I get ready for bed, unable to keep a smile from my face despite my still spinning stomach and nerves, then I lie down.
	Despite Loki’s original hope of pleasant dreams, my mind subconsciously listens to his second comment and it’s as if I’d just closed my eyes when my screams and Loki wake me.

***
	
	Loki’s words must jinx it because from that point on, my nightmares get worse and more frequent. I wake up at least once each night to my own screams or sobs, and several times more just because the dreams are awful. If Loki doesn't wake me up fast enough, my body rips me out of the dreams itself; after three nights of this, the sensation begins to physically and mentally hurt.
	During the day I’m at turns irritable and silent, which I know is annoying to everyone around me. Luckily it doesn’t seem to affect Loki at all. Probably because, well, he is Loki. Or maybe because he has bad dreams too…
	After a few more days of my snippy comments, Peter finally decides to do something about it. The two of us—Loki is with Frigga—march down to the Infirmary to see Eir. She tells me how my dreams are just a reaction to everything I’ve been through. “Yes, yes, I know!” Then she says she will make a special medicine to help put me into a deeper sleep where the nightmares can’t follow. “Thank god. Thank you!”
	She also tells me that if I somehow accidentally drink the whole vial, I might not wake up. Ever. “Oh shit.” After promising not to do that, we leave and go visit Peter’s ship.
	Repairs finally started on it two days after I remembered the Amethyst. The Asgardian mechanics are making good progress and to my dismay, Peter could be leaving in two days if everything goes as planned.

***

	“So you’re saying,” I say, pointing my wooden sword at Peter, “that if I beat you right now you will take me for a spin in your spaceship once it’s fixed.”
	“Right.”
	“But only someday.”
	“Also right.” He grins.
	“Screw you,” I mutter. “I want to fly around space tomorrow!”
	“Enough of this pointless banter!” Loki cries. “Freya, I am truly happy you are feeling better after a full night’s rest, but I would very much like to move on from wooden swords.”
	Thor laughs.
	I look at Loki and he raises an eyebrow. 
	“I’m waiting,” he says. I turn back to Peter.
	“En garde!” I yell, dropping into my fighting stance. Peter does the same but a little more clumsily. I take advantage of this and jab at his waist. He blocks successfully but I’m already two steps ahead and closing in. Our swords knock over and over and I smile at him as I push him farther toward the edge of the training area. Chopping down at his head, I cry out in victory when he stumbles a little at the top of the hill. I place the sword against his neck like they do in the movies then turn to look at Thor and Loki.
	Thor is clapping and nodding, but Loki just stands there looking mischievously amused.
	“What?” I ask. “Didn’t I just wi—”
	Then the hilt of Peter’s sword hits my back and I tumble to the ground. 
	I roll over and look up at him. He’s laughing and cheering. I frown, trying to keep my own smile from showing.
	“I guess that means I win,” he says and holds out his hand for me to take.
	“I guess it does,” I say, taking it. He pulls me up and I dust myself off. “Touché by the way.”
	“Touch-ee to you too.” He grins. “I’ll still come back and take you for a ride though. I’m not that coldhearted.”
	“Wow. What a gentleman.” I pick up my sword. “But seriously, thanks. I’m really excited.”
	We walk over to where Thor and Loki stand. Thor laughs even more than before and Loki smiles. I walk over to glare at him. 
	“Why so smug?”
	He brushes his thumb against my cheekbone and rubs at some dirt. “Never turn your back on the enemy,” he says, the side of his mouth turning up. 
	Out of the corner of my eye I see Peter say something to Thor then they both look at us, smiling.
	On our way out of the Armory, I’m walking with Peter. Thor and Loki follow us discussing something involving the Dark Elves. I’m trying not to listen.
	“So,” Peter says. He shoves his hands in his pockets and I look at him, frowning at his smirk. “You’re into the tall-dark-haired-mysterious-bad-boy type, huh?”
	
Chapter 25

	I roll over in bed, opening my eyes, and blink at my curtains. It’s still nighttime outside. I sit up and look around, feeling extremely confused because, for the first time in forever, I didn’t wake up screaming or crying uncontrollably. The promise of a magic medicine to help me sleep must already be scaring off the nightmares. 
	I get out of bed and glance at Loki lying asleep on my sofa as I make my way to the bathroom. My fingers barely brush the cold metal of the door handle when a loud cry makes me jump. I slap my hand over my mouth to keep from shrieking and turn. Loki shifts and kicks his blankets to the floor. I guess I know what woke me up. He flinches, shrinking away from whatever or whoever is invading his dreams. He freezes and a sound escapes him that can only be described as a whimper. Then a look of sheer terror contorts his face as he lets out another wail, and everything inside me breaks.
	“Loki,” I say, rushing to the sofa and kneeling by his head. “Loki, you’re dreaming.” I place my hand on the cushion next to his cheek, not sure if I should try more forcefully to wake him up or if words will suffice. He might lash out and I really don’t want another broken rib. “Loki, wake up. It’s me. It’s Freya.”
	A tear slides down the side of his face and splashes onto the back of my hand. If he lashes out, so be it.
	I wipe away the tear and then pull tendrils of sweaty hair off his forehead. “Loki.” I trail my fingertips over the skin an inch or so from his eye, over his cheekbone, his jaw, being as gentle as I can.
	His sudden intake of breath and the sight of green eyes make me jump again. He scrambles back, away from my touch, as far as the couch will allow and stops, breathing hard, more tears running down his cheek and dripping from his chin. 
	I take a controlled breath in and let it out. “Loki, it’s Freya,” I say, rising slowly, like I’m trying not to provoke a wild animal. We watch each other for a second.
	“Freya,” Loki whispers, his voice small. And then he crumples, folding in on himself; one hand holds his head and the other disappears behind him as he wraps his arm around his stomach, bringing his knees up to his chest. Despite him being so tall, and his personality being so large, he seems to shrink into the sofa as he holds himself together.
	I am frozen, but the sound of gasping sobs pulls me back to reality.
	“I’m right here,” I murmur, sitting on the sofa. He doesn’t move so I scoot closer to him, pulling his hand away from his face and holding it against my heart. Then I hug him against me even though he struggles to pull away. 
	Slowly, his ragged breathing quiets and I can tell he has stopped crying. By then my own tears have dried on my cheeks. Now, we just sit there, me holding him together as tightly as I can, and him silent, as everything inside him trembles, threatening to explode.

***

	“Has Loki said anything about the upcoming events?” Frigga asks. 
	Peter bumps me with his elbow and I look up from my breakfast. I glance at Loki, who isn’t eating. He hasn’t said much besides, “Good morning,” and “You have my thanks,” after what happened last night and I haven't pushed him. Whatever his dream was about has made him quiet and very un-God-of-Mischief-and-Lies-like. To be honest, it is really throwing me off. 	“No, he hasn’t,” I say, pushing my lips into a smile. “What sort of events?”
	“In a few days’ time, it will be my son’s Day of Birth.”
	“Loki?” I cry. I look at him and he grimaces, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I didn’t know gods celebrate birthdays.”
	Frigga grins excitedly and pats Loki’s hand. He grimaces even more. “Indeed we do—though we have not celebrated his in quite some time. But let us not focus on that now!” she finishes quickly, smiling from Loki to me. “Our customs are not like those on Midgard. Because we live so long, we only celebrate our Day of Birth every few years.”
	I push my plate away and lean my elbows on the table, trying to hold in my excitement, if only to save Loki from the pain of more grimacing. “So what do you guys do?”
	Right as the Queen is about to answer, the door opens and Thor, Sif and Fandral walk in. 
	“Good morning, Mother!” Thor says in his usual loud but happy voice.
	“Thor. I was just telling Freya about the celebration drawing near.”
	 “Were you?” He plops down next to me, picks up an empty plate and begins to load it with food as he continues. “Has she told you all that is to happen? About the ball? The feast?”
	“No!” I cry. “There’s a ball? Like an actual ball?”
	Frigga laughs, nodding, and I catch a glimmer of a smile in Loki’s eyes.
	“Indeed there is,” she says. 
	“There is a ball, Loki, and you didn’t tell me?”
	“I truly apologize, my dear. But as you know, I have been a bit preoccupied as of late,” he says, shifting to take a roll from a platter.
	“People from every part of the castle will be attending, and some others who live close by,” Thor says, taking a big bite of something that looks like an omelet with vegetables mixed in. 
	“I still do not understand why,” Loki mutters.
	“Why what?” I ask, too excited about an actual ball to take in anything anyone has said.
	“Why so many people we do not know and may not even like are being invited. Valhalla knows no one here very much enjoys my presence.”
	“Do you not know half of them half as well as you would like and like less than half of them half as well as they deserve?” I ask. Loki finally cracks a full-fledged smile and I sit back in my seat, triumphant, and ignoring everyone else’s confused looks. 
	A job well done if I do say so myself…
	“Loki,” Sif says, glancing at me once more before continuing—I grin at Loki who hasn’t taken his eyes off me since I spoke— “you did help save Asgard when it was under siege from the Dark Elves.”
	“You also have not done anything malicious since your release from the dungeons,” Fandral adds.
	“And I am sure you are very shocked Fandral,” Loki mutters.
	Sif shoots Fandral a glare when he opens his mouth to retort. “If they still wish to not forgive you, that is their choice, but I highly doubt it will keep them from a grand party.”
	“Wonderful, Sif. Thank you; your words have truly soothed all my misgivings about the fact,” he says. “Now, Freya, Peter, Thor, shall we—”
	The door opens again, and this time a guard comes in. “They have finished work on the visitor’s vessel.” I feel my stomach sink. “He may leave whenever you or he wishes.”
	“Thank you, Tryggr,” Frigga says, smiling. Tryggr crosses his arm over his chest and dips his head.
	I look at Peter. He looks back at me, his expression one of both eagerness and sadness.
	“Should we go look at it then?” I ask.
	“I guess we should,” Peter says. He takes one last bite of food and stands. I get up too, followed by Loki, Frigga, Thor and the rest. Then all of us walk out of the dining room.
	When we get to the large room where Peter’s ship is, his face lights up and he runs over to it and hugs it, his arms straight out in either direction.
	“Ohhhh, I missed you!” he whispers then turns to me. “Now you can see her in all her glory!”
	I walk over and look it up and down. “Yes, in all her obnoxiously orange glory.”
	Peter pretends to cover the spaceship’s nonexistent ears. “You’ll hurt her feelings.” Then to the ship, “Shh, she didn’t mean that.” 
	I laugh.
	“And I’ll have you know, I picked this color out myself.” He steps back to admire it.
	“You definitely know your colors; is it an apricot or a tangerine?”
	“I was going for more of a carrot, but we all perceive things differently.”
	We’re both silent.
	“So…when are you going to head out?”
	His smile falls away as he turns to fully face me. “Soon, today probably. Now. I feel like I’ve already overstayed my welcome. And my broker friend on Xandar probably thinks I ditched him since he already paid me a quarter of the final price. I tried to get half but then I might have actually ditched him.”
	I had almost forgotten about why he was here in the first place. Almost.
	“You get to go looking for the mysterious rock,” I say.
	“Hopefully I won’t be crashing into any other invisible worlds or planets.”
	I look at the ground and Peter walks over to Frigga. He holds out his hand to her. She smiles at him, taking it and bobbing their hands once.
	“Thank you for letting me stay here for so long,” he says. “I really appreciate it. And thanks for fixing my ship.”
	“It was nothing at all,” the Allmother says. “But are you sure you do not wish to stay for the festivities?”
	“Like I said to Freya, I should be getting back to Xandar, or at least back to looking for that rock.” Then he looks at Loki, grinning. “Also, dark-and-mysterious over there was saying how he didn’t want people he didn’t like at his party, so I should probably honor that for his birthday. Happy birthday!” He bows, sweeping his arm through the air.
	Loki smirks at him and he moves on to Thor, Sif, Fandral and finally to Odin. I walk over and stand awkwardly as Odin speaks quietly to Peter. When he finally turns around, I hold my arms out, not saying anything. He walks into them and gives me a giant bear hug.
	“I’m gonna miss you,” I whisper into his shoulder. 
	“I’m gonna miss you too,” he says, “but I’ll be back. I still gotta give you the ride I promised.” He pulls away to look at me. “Oh god, don’t cry. You’re going to make this hard.” He hugs me again then wraps his arm around my shoulders and walks me over to Loki. “Look out for her, man,” he says, pointing from Loki to me and back again.
	Loki gives me a soft smile. “Don’t worry, I most certainly will.”
	“And you,” Peter says, giving me a shake, “don’t let him mess shit up again.”
	“I’ll try.” I grin at Loki’s glare.
	“Good.” He pulls me closer to him and whispers, “Also, you two have my blessing now.” 
	I laugh and Loki frowns.
	“Well,” Peter says, pushing me toward Loki with a grin, “I guess I should be going.”
	“Oh! Peter, here.” Frigga hands him a blue bag adorned with swirling silver decorations. “Food, water, maps and such other things for your journey.”
	He takes it. “Thank you.” Then he looks back at me. “It was nice to meet all of you, especially a fellow Terran, er, Mid-G-something-ian—Earth person.”
	I smile, wiping away the tears I just now notice trickling down my cheeks.
	“One more hug, huh?”
	I nod and walk into his open arms. 
	“I’m really glad you crash-landed,” I say.
	“Me too, honestly. But I’ll be back, like I just said, so be watching the skies for any sign of an obnoxiously carrot-colored spacecraft.”
	“Okay.”
	He backs away and holds his hand out me. I take it and give it a firm shake. 
	“It was very nice to meet you, Freya,” he says seriously before cracking a grin and turning to jog over to his ship.
	The door opens and he tosses the bag in and then hoists himself in after it. A moment later, I see him sitting at the controls. For a moment he looks sad; then really confused.
	His face appears at the door again. “So, uh, how exactly do I get out of here?”
	“Yes, one moment,” Thor calls. He walks over to a small, elaborately carved door that sits in the wall four or five feet above the ground. Opening it, he fiddles with something, every so often looking at the ceiling that I now just realize has a crack down the center of the curved surface. There’s a loud click and the sound of air rushing out of something somewhere in the wall or floor and then, with a low whiz, the ceiling begins to slide open. It folds down until it meets the wall and there is another click to signal the end of its movement.
	“Damn, that’s cool!” Peter cries, staring up at the stars and planets above us. “Well, I guess now I can say a final goodbye.” He waves at everyone and salutes me. “Bye!”
	“Bye!” I call.
	The door closes as Peter reappears in the window, the lights from the controls making his face glow; this time he’s smiling. Suddenly there is a crack and what sounds like a small explosion, then the ship rises. I see the jets grow brighter and there is a zipping noise as it goes slowly higher. 
	Peter waves once before the ship rises through the open ceiling and accelerates skyward. I run to the opening and watch as he does a loop-dee-loop above me. If I didn’t know better, I’d swear I can make out his whooping as he blasts through whatever atmosphere Asgard has and flies off into space. I watch him until his ship is the size of a quarter, a nickel, a dime. 
	A minute passes and then the obnoxiously orange spaceship is gone.

***

	Frigga shifts on her chair near the fire, looking like she’s about to say something. Loki, Lifa and I have all been in her sitting room reading for the majority of the day.
	“Freya,” she says. “Have you thought at all about what you are going to wear?”
	“Wear?” I ask.
	“To the ball.”
	“Oh, the ball,” I say, smacking my forehead. “Obviously.”
	“What is the celebration for?” Lifa asks.
	“Loki’s Day of Birth is approaching and we are throwing a ball,” Frigga says. “You are welcome to attend.”
	“Really?” Lifa cries. “Oh, I could not possibly!”
	“Tell your family they are all welcome as well.”
	Lifa immediately drops to one knee and crosses her fist over her chest. “Thank you, Allmother,” she says, dipping her head.
	“Lifa, rise. You are welcome.” Frigga smiles as Lifa stands and returns to her seat on the sofa next to me.
	“She knows my name!” she hisses at me. 
	I laugh. “I’m pretty sure she makes it her business to know everyone’s name; she’s known all the random guards who come to tell us stuff on a first name basis.”
	Frigga hears our whispered conversation because she laughs and says, “I try very hard to know everyone’s names. I feel it creates bonds between all of us; those fighting, those working—” she nods at Lifa “—even those who do not live in the castle.”
	“It may create a bond, but it is also very tedious,” Loki mutters.
	“Yes, I must admit it is very tedious,” she says happily.
	I’m about to say something about getting-to-know-you games when I realize that I’m the only one who’ll know what I’m talking about now that Peter isn’t here.
	“Freya,” Loki says quietly, “what is it?”
	I shake my head and smile at him. “I’m missing Peter.”
	He nods and turns back to his book but every so often he glances at me to see if I’m alright.
	“Freya, what are you going to wear?” Lifa asks me. She has closed her book and now looks at me, her eyes wide and expectant.
	I shrug. “I honestly haven’t really thought about it.”
	“Maybe I can help you pick something.” She bounces a little. “And perhaps you can help me. I have never been to a ball before; it will be such fun! I can only imagine!”
	“I’ll try,” I say, “but I’ve never been to one either. We don’t have too many balls down on Earth.”
	“This is most exciting!” she sighs, falling back into the sofa. 
	Frigga laughs. “I am happy you are excited.”
	Suddenly Lifa jumps up. “I must go speak to my mother. She would want to hear about this as soon as possible to begin food and outfit preparations.”
	“Thank you, Lifa.”
	“Thank you, Allmother. Your invitation is beyond generous.” She says goodbye to me, clutches her book to her chest and all but skips out.
	“Lifa, I approve of; but are you going to invite all the help, Mother?” Loki asks.
	I raise an eyebrow at him. 
	“She is a very kind girl and though she still does not like me, I have grown to enjoy her chatter. If only in short increments.”
	“I’ll take that,” I say.
	He smirks at me then returns to his book.
	We all sit, silently reading for another hour or so before the Allmother places her closed book on the sofa table and stands.
	“I believe it is dinner time,” she says. 
	Loki and I finish the pages we’re on before looking up.
	“Perfect,” I say, just now realizing how hungry I am. “I’m starving.” 
	“As am I.” Loki stands and offers me a hand. I take it and he pulls me up, quickly brushing his lips against my knuckles before letting it drop to my side. I feel myself blush. One corner of his mouth quirks up and then he turns, laces his fingers behind his back and walks out the door.
	Frigga and I follow. I’m about to catch up to Loki when I feel her hand on my shoulder. Turning, I see she has slowed her pace and I fall into step next to her.
	“Freya,” she begins. She watches Loki for a moment before resting her gaze fully on me.  “I see he has grown fond of you.”
	I have to force myself to keep walking.
	“No, no. Freya, do not look so alarmed.” She stops so I stop too. “I have suspected something for a while but—”
	It feels like my face has jumped over ‘blush’ and gone straight to ‘on fire.’ “It-it’s not really serious, um. I’m—he’s—” What are you supposed to say when the god who you like’s mom is talking to you about your relationship?
	I mean, it is Frigga and not Odin so I don’t think I have anything to worry about.
	“Freya, everything is alright. I am very happy!” she says, her words crushing my doubts. “I am glad—extremely glad—it is you. If it is serious, or if it is not, I am happy. Despite these recent days, he is the happiest I have seen in a very long time. But do you by any chance know what is wrong? I have not had a moment to speak with him.”
	“Uh, well, he’s, um…” I’m still thrown off by her approval (and now worried about what Odin will do when he finds out, if he doesn’t already know). “He’s been having a lot of nightmares, like me. I think they’re getting to him. But I haven’t asked him; I didn’t want to bring anything up.”
	She smiles. “I feel that you, of all the people in this castle, will be the one he wishes to speak to the most.”
	“I’ll try.”
	“Thank you.”
	“But I’m sure he will talk to you; you are his mom after all.”
	She smiles then pulls me into a hug. “Thank you,” she repeats. When she pulls away, she looks really excited and begins walking again. “Now, returning to the subject of the ball. If you do not mind, I would very much like to help you—along with Lifa, of course—find a gown. I must admit that not having any daughters has denied me the opportunity to pick out dresses.”
	“That would be wonderful!” I cry. “Thank you so much!”
	“I know you have many gowns in your room, but I have a surprise I was hoping would be of use. Tell Lifa that she and her mother can accompany us in two day’s time, as tomorrow I have business to attend to.”
	I nod, feeling my excitement grow and my stomach do a few flips. “I’ll tell her after dinner.”
	When he sees us walking toward him, Loki perks up but still looks impatient. 
	“A bit slow tonight, are we?” he asks.
	“We were discussing ball gowns, Loki,” I say. “Girl talk.” I grin at Frigga. 
	Loki offers me his elbow. 
	“And speaking of girl talk, I can walk in heels now, thank you very much.”
	“I am well aware, but I am trying to be a gentleman.”
	“Oh, well in that case you’ve leveled up again.”
	“My dear, I still do not know what that means.” He opens the door and lets Frigga walk ahead of us. 
	“Maybe some day you’ll find out.”
	“I would like that very much. If only to rid myself of the mystery.” Before we have even taken two steps, Loki kisses the back of my hand. I smile up at him and he smiles down at me, everything about him soft, and out of the corner of my eye I see Frigga glance at us then disappear into the room.




	Chapter 26

	My room is almost completely dark. The shades are drawn and the curtains are closed but somehow the sun still breaks through, sending lines of gold across my wall and my bed. I had missed this: the city, my house, my family, Darcy, my bed. I had especially missed not having to worry about Malekith looking for me. Not having to worry about Malekith would have made anywhere feel safe, even if I was still in Asgard and not lying in my room, half asleep.
	The sheets are cool against my skin and I stretch, yawning and rolling over to go back to sleep. The sun peaking around the curtain nearest me shines in my eyes so I pull my pillow over my head and sigh happily.
	I lie there with my eyes closed for a while but I can’t fall asleep.
	I can’t shake the feeling that something is wrong.
	I’m jostled fully awake by my mom calling from the bottom of the stairs that breakfast is ready. I sit up, the worry sinking to the back of my mind as I do. Rubbing my face, I stand and pull on the sweat pants I had thrown onto my desk last night. I stretch again and turn to the door. Everything inside me is ready for my mom’s food, my aunt’s desserts, her boyfriend’s amazing lemonade. I open the door and call, “Hey, I’m awa—”
	
	I open my eyes and focus on the canopy through already-watering eyes. Shuddering, I bring my hands to my face and press my palms against my eyes. My mom’s voice was so real. Everything was so real. My blankets smelled like my mom’s brand of detergent. My house smelled like…my house. I could smell breakfast—regular, Earthly breakfast. It all felt so real. I was there. I was—
	The sound of my own sobs cuts through my thoughts and I sit up, blinking away the spots I have pressed into my vision. I hug my knees to my chest and cover my mouth as I look around. Everything is shiny, gold and Asgardian. The lines of sunlight cutting through the curtains are too long; the bed is too big; the room has too many windows.
	I don’t want to be here.
	My breath comes in ragged gasps that mix with the sobs and rip my throat as both escape. I’m not home. I’m still here and I can’t leave or Malekith will find me. I can’t leave.
	My sobs grow louder and they wrack my body so hard that I have to roll forward onto the mattress. The arm that is wrapped around my knees gets caught between the blankets and my legs and I press my hand and face into the soft fabric as hard as I can. I’m sobbing so hard it feels, and probably sounds, like I’m screaming.
	I can’t leave I can’t leave I can’t leave.
	I don’t know how long I lie there but by the time I realize I can sit up and stay up, the sunlight on the floor has moved a good foot and a half.
	I look around my bed, spot a brown blanket—the brown blanket—and pull it to me. Wrapping it around my shoulders, I pull my knees to my chest again and cover them with the blanket, bunching it up around my nose and mouth to breath in the minty freshness of Loki. It calms me a bit so I spend the next few moments taking slow, controlled breaths of mint and something else I can’t place. Ice?
	Yesterday, I had awakened to him sitting by a newly kindled fire, reading. I’d had a nightmare and, with his mind-reading, he had sensed it and snuck in to be there when I woke up screaming.
	I look at the chairs and, frowning, blow out air through puffed cheeks. They’re empty. No books litter the ground or table. No sign he has been here at all…but then I notice the fire. It crackles and sparks. I stare at it for a minute, trying to remember if I had made one before bed. If I had made one, though, it wouldn’t be that big now.
	I pull the blanket tighter around my shoulders before getting up. I pull open all the curtains, letting in the early morning sun, then walk over to see if there is any other indication he has been here, or if he is coming back. At first I don’t see anything. 
	I pick up the fire poker and push one of the logs further into the flames, backing away as sparks fly out and almost singes my blanket. 
	“Not this blanket,” I whisper at the fire. My voice is hoarse from sleep and my sobs.
	Looking back at the chairs, I try to find something. On one is a pillow Lifa brought me to make the chairs comfier. Draped over the back of the other is a royal blue blanket. Okay, that certainly wasn’t there last night either. The table holds my sketchbook and the normal five books; one pile of three and one pile of two. But today there’s a sixth.
	I gasp a little then sit in the chair with the second blanket and pick up the book. The title is in Norse and I open it even though I’m assuming I won’t be able to read it. To my surprise almost everything is in English.
	“Where did he…?” I mutter, flipping through it faster, a smile growing. 
	About half way through the book, something falls from the pages and flutters to the ground. I sit there, frozen.
	Did I just rip the book? It’s the only book with all English and I just ripped it?
	I bend over and pick up the piece of paper. Thankfully—thankfully—it’s not a page. It does, however, look like it has been ripped from a journal. On it, written in a long, flowing script, is a note addressed to me from Loki. For a moment, all I can do is stare at it. This is the first time I have seen his handwriting. And it’s beautiful. For some reason the way he writes my name, with the ‘F’ separated from the rest and swirling across a full inch of the small page, makes me smile.
		
	Freya,
	I was searching the library for a book written in English. I found many but I believe this is one you may like.
	Forgive me for not staying. I anticipated your mood and assumed you would like to be alone for a bit this morning.
	Loki

	I bite my lip and read it one more time, tracing the letters in his name when I get there. His ‘L’ is just as swirly as my ‘F’ but somehow looks different, more like him…if that makes sense. Tears are brimming in my eyes, but this time for a different reason.
	Loki had snuck into my room again. He had started a fire, written a note and left me with a book because he knew that waking up from that dream would hurt me. He knew that Asgard would be the last place I would want to be this morning and he wrote me a note.
	“Loki,” I whisper, reading the note again, “I could kiss you.”
	I laugh a little, wiping away some tears.
	“Freya, are you quite well?” Loki asks.
	I stiffen. He didn’t hear me, did he? I press my lips together, and look at him.
	His brows furrow. “You found my note?”
	I nod, wiping away another tear.
	Loki's eyes widen and he begins walking towards me, a hand out like he’s trying to ask what he can do to help and can’t find the words. “Freya, what’s wrong? Did you not like it? Did you—”
	I get up and throw the book and note on the chair behind me, meeting him by the edge of the hearth. Tears are streaming down my face but I don’t care. Standing on my toes and wrapping my arms around his neck, I pull him into a hug. He hugs me back, smiling against my ear. I feel his hands on my hair and on my waist. A shiver runs through my body and I smile into his neck. 
	“I loved it, Loki,” I murmur, my lips brushing his jacket and the exposed skin just above. “Thank you.”
	Now it’s his turn to shiver and he shifts to press his forehead against mine, gazing at me the whole time with soft green-blue eyes. His hand on my hair moves to my neck and he pulls me closer. My breath catches in my throat and I begin to shake, whether from nerves or excitement, I can’t tell. He smiles but it only barely touches his lips. Everything is in his eyes and I am lost in them too. 
	He rubs the skin behind my ear with his thumb and my legs grow weak. If he wasn’t holding me I would fall. Or maybe float away.
	The hand on my back disappears. And as Loki touches my cheek, I start to cry. 
	I didn’t feel this coming or else I would have tried to stop it. I didn’t know I was going to start crying. I didn’t know.
	“I’m sorry,” I breathe through trembling lips.
	“Oh, Freya,” Loki whispers. He wipes a tear from my chin then pulls me against him again. I bury my head in his jacket, gripping it when I feel my legs actually buckle. No more floating away for now.
	Loki slowly lowers me to the ground. He kneels there, holding me as I sob for the second time that morning.
	“I’m sorry,” I say again, unsure if I actually said anything or just gasped. “I’m sorry.” It comes out louder this time. “I’m sorry.”
	“Shh, it’s alright.” He strokes my hair and I smile through the coughing my crying has induced.
	“I want to go home, Loki,” I whisper into his chest.
	“I know, I know.”
	“In my dream, my mom woke me up and—” I suck in a breath and it comes back out as another sob. My body shakes and Loki tightens his grip around me.
	“Oh, Freya,” he murmurs.
	We sit like that for an eternity. At one point, he begins rocking and, slowly, my sobs give way to shaky breaths. I try to steady my breathing the best I can and, when I think I’m okay, I sit up, smiling quietly down at my hands that are now wrapped up in Loki’s.
	“Thank you,” I say, sniffling.
	I feel him press his lips against my forehead, sending more shivers down my back.
	“You are very welcome, my love.”
	With those two words, my brain explodes. They repeat over and over again, whizzing excitedly around my head. 
	My love.
	My smile grows.
	My love.
	In my peripheral vision, Loki is smiling too. He stands and offers me a hand. I take it. After pulling me up, he spins me under his arm, almost making me fall.
	“What was that for?” I ask.
	My love.
	“I was thinking…”
	“Hmm?”
	“You are looking at dresses today, yes?”
	I nod.
	My love…holy shit.
	“And I assume that I am not to come.”
	“That is correct.” I laugh at his frown. “Hey, you can’t pout if you already assumed you weren't invited.”
	“No?” he asks, smiling and spinning me again.
	I land against his chest and crane my neck to look up at his face. “No.”
	“Very well,” he says. “As I was saying…because my birthday, as you know, is a ball, I was going to ask you if you would like to practice a dance before and after you look at gowns.”
	“That sounds,” I say, taking one of his hands in mine, and placing my other on his shoulder, “marvelous!” 
	“I am glad.” Loki places his empty hand on my waist and opens his mouth then closes it.
	“What?”
	“It is nothing.” His lips turn up slightly and, as I watch, his eyes turn from their usual green-blue to a soft blue-green to blue. 
	Gasping, I say, “Loki, your eyes just—”
	“Yes,” he says, chuckling. “They do that.”
	“They just change like that naturally?” I ask, still staring at them.
	“I am not of Midgard, Freya.” He smirks at me. “Can I teach you? Or do you wish to inquire more about a Jotun’s genetics?”
	“If we dance now, can you teach me Jotun genetics later?” 
	He lets go of my hand to pinch the bridge of his nose but I can still see the quirk in the corners of his mouth as he tries hard to look annoyed and not smile.
	“Perhaps; will that suffice?” he asks, taking my hand again. 
	“Yes.”
	“Good. Now! This dance is slow and involves more spinning than the last you learned.”
	I nod. I lock my elbows and stand, waiting for him to tell me what to do.
	“If you were not to move around the room while performing these first steps, you would create a square on the floor.”
	“Oh,” I say, looking down at my feet, “so it’s like a box step.”
	“Yes, I suppose you could also call it a box. Anyway, first you step forward with your right—the first part is all led by the same foot—and I step back with my left. Precisely. Then, again with your right, step to the right—yes—now step back. Now, instead of your right, step to the left, leading with your left foot.”
	As we repeat these four steps, I try not to stare down at my feet. Instead, I find myself looking at Loki’s eyes. They have changed a little, more green than they were a moment ago and now I notice the flecks that cover his irises. Gold glints around his pupils and grey and deep blue specks blend into the darker ring that halos the outer edges. When they meet mine, my cheeks heat up and he smiles. 
	“You have learned to not stare at your feet, I see.”
	I laugh a little, stumbling for the first time. We pause as I catch my balance, then continue, slower this time so we can talk without messing up.
	“I’m just too busy wondering about Jotun genetics, to tell you the truth,” I say.
	He grins and pulls me to a stop. “After you look at gowns, I will let you stare at my eyes more, but now I must continue the lesson if you ever wish to learn the dance.”
	I groan. “Fine.”
	For the next hour, he teaches me the next part—which is basically the same as the first but starting on opposite sides—then we start from the beginning again. But this time, instead of staying in the same section of floor, we begin moving and turning. With each step, I face a different part of the room. We only stop doing this when I get so close to the bed I almost lose my balance. 
	“I believe you know the first bit well enough?”
	I nod, grinning at how much I feel like a Disney princess.
	“Then we can move on.” Loki motions for me to return my hand to his shoulder. “It gets somewhat difficult from here… We have just finished starting with our left and now we begin with our right again. The first movement is—”
	He is interrupted by a knock on my door and Thor calling ‘good morning’ to me. Loki drops his hands with a sigh. I curtsy and he keeps eye contact with me as he takes my hand, kisses my knuckles, then bows. When he has straightened, he gestures to me with a wave of his hand to the door and follows me over.
	I swing the door open and am immediately greeted by four happy faces. Frigga and Lifa stand closest to me. Behind them is Thor and a woman with strawberry-blonde hair, whom I assume is Lifa’s mother. She has her daughter’s soft-but-bright blue eyes.
	“Hello, Freya,” Lifa says. Her smile shows her teeth and her eyes sparkle more than usual. She’s also bouncing almost imperceptibly and a small laugh escapes me.
	“Are you ready?” Frigga asks.
	I nod, grinning. I turn my gaze to Lifa’s mother and extend my hand without thinking. 
	“Hello, I’m Freya.” I smile, surprised when she actually shakes my hand.
	“I’m Toril. It is very nice to meet you; Lifa has told me much about your adventures.” She smiles back and it sends crinkles and smile lines running away from her eyes and rippling around her mouth.
	“Loki,” Thor says, “you and I will be spending the day together.”
	I feel Loki’s hand on my back and unconsciously lean into it.
	“I still need looking after?” he asks, his voice dry and flat.
	“Father’s orders.”
	“Obviously,” he mutters. “Now that I have access to the entirety of my magic, does Odin not think I will merely disappear?” 
	I turn to look at him. “He doesn’t think that because you won’t,” I say.
	“Yes? And why won’t I?”
	“Because.” I bounce on the balls of my feet for a moment, biting the inside of my cheek. Then, thinking about the moment we would have had if I hadn’t started crying, I take a breath, stand on my tip toes and kiss him on the cheek. His hand on my back goes limp and falls away as we both stare at each other. “Because,” I repeat. 
	His lips are parted, either in shock or because he wants to say something, but all he does is nod, staring at me and not at me at the same time.
	I turn back to everyone standing in the doorway, grin at their slightly embarrassed faces and walk out. 
	“Enjoy yourselves!” Thor calls after a long silence.
	I wave at him over my shoulder as we turn a corner.
	As soon as we’re out of sight and earshot, Lifa giggles.
	“What?” I ask, feeling my cheeks heat up.
	“I knew it.” She links arms with me. “Or should I say, I’ve known it.”
	My laugh comes out in a puff. “You’ve known it, have you?”
	“I have seen it in his eyes. He still scares me to death so I don’t spend much time looking in his eyes—though I must say you have chosen someone with very lovely eyes—but from the few glimpses I’ve had, they are always full of you.”
	I smile at the gold walls and vibrant tapestries but I don’t see them. I guess my eyes are full of him too.
	We head through an archway, passing some windows that look out over a path surrounded by trees and flowers. I look at her. “Are…are you still scared of him?”
	She thinks for a moment, and I notice for the first time how, when she is deep in thought, her eyebrows seem to swoop down a little then come up in the center like a sideways question mark. 
	“A bit,” she starts, speaking slowly, “but now that I know you fully trust him, I do not fear him as much as I once did.”
	“He will be happy to hear that.”
	“Will he?”
	“Yeah. He told me that he has,” I clear my throat and speak the next part with a deep voice, trying to copy Loki’s accent, “grown to enjoy your chatter.”
	She laughs. “Truly?”
	I nod. “I was surprised too.”
	“That is very good to hear. Whenever I would come to speak with you while he was there, I was always afraid he was going to get mad when I talked.” She laughs again. “I am relieved I have nothing to worry about.”
	Frigga stops at a large double door.
	“Here we are,” she says and pushes them open. We all walk in and Lifa and I stop dead in our tracks directly behind Toril, who is now spinning in a slow circle, her mouth hanging open.
	All around us are dresses in every style and color imaginable. The room itself is slightly smaller than my own and has windows completely covering the wall opposite us. To our left and right, the dresses hang three levels high and a traveling ladder like that in the library allows access to the otherwise unreachable dresses.
	Lifa’s mother has sat down in a chair looking breathless and overwhelmed. Lifa and I continue to stand where we are, unable to move.
	“What do you think?” Frigga asks.
	“What do I think,” I say. “I can’t—there’s so many.”
	“It’s-it’s amazing!” Lifa cries. She clasps her hands together and begins bouncing again, this time hard enough for her braid to bob along with her.
	“I thought you would enjoy it. You see that archway?” she asks, pointing to an opening camouflaged by some puffy ballgowns.
	We nod. 
	“It is filled with shoes.”
	My mouth drops. “All shoes?”
	“It is not as big as this room, of course, but yes. That room is specifically for shoes.”
	I almost fall over.
	“Well?” Frigga asks, clapping her hands and looking like a little girl about to play dress up. “Shall we look at dresses?”
	“Yes,” I breath. “Oh my god. Yes!”
	Lifa runs over to her mother and they talk in hushed, but giddy voices, both wearing equally large smiles.
	“Since they are talking, I will help you first,” Frigga says, walking over to me.
	“Okay.”
	“Now, just look at all of them and see if one strikes your fancy.”
	“Okay.” One. See if one strikes my fancy. Right.
	I walk—almost float—over to the first dress and begin to make my way across the first level. A lot jump out at me but I decide to take a sky blue ballgown with cap sleeves—perhaps the closest resemblance to Cinderella’s dress I have ever seen—and a strapless burgundy mermaid dress that somewhat reminds me of my junior year homecoming dress. Except more fancy and probably way more expensive.
	“You can try them on here, or in the shoe room. But do not worry about the windows. No one can see in.”
	I grin and semi-awkwardly undress. I slip on the blue dress and let Frigga button me up. By this point, Lifa and Toril have stopped talking and are now picking out their own dresses.
	“Oh, Freya!” Lifa cries when I turn and back up to look in a mirror. “You are absolutely beautiful!”
	I meet her gaze in the mirror and grin. I take a step to one side and then the other, watching the puffy skirt floof (the only word for it) back and forth. I shrug, twirl, do the rest of the prom dress test—ballgown styles are usually too heavy for me and I’m always afraid they're going to slip just a little too far down my chest. Somehow, though, the amount of fabric in the skirt seems to add no weight at all, and I have no worries about it being too revealing. It passes with flying colors. 
	I try on the next one, and tie the back of Lifa’s dress as she button’s her mother’s.
	“That one is pretty too!” Lifa says, touching some of the gold swirling sparkles on my skirt. 
	This is going to be a hard decision.
	“You look amazing,” I say. Lifa spins in her gold dress and it furls out in every direction.
	Toril is speaking to Frigga and they both go off in search of something particular.
	“On to the next one?” I ask.
	Lifa nods vigorously and spins again, this time to let me untie the dress and help her out of it. She helps me out of mine and we both grab more, unable to stop smiling at each other.
	My dress search continues for three more dresses and stops briefly when I find a lovely rose pink one. It has wide straps that perch on the edge of my shoulders and a slightly puffy skirt with shades of darker pink and red running through it. But, unless I want to squeeze my ribs too tightly or wear a corset, it only buttons part of the way up my back.
	“Thanks Lifa, but it’s not going to work.”
	She sighs sadly. “This is my favorite.”
	“Mine too.”
	“Can you button my dress?” She turns and her skirts swish against my ankles. “I think I am going to wear this one.”
	“I was really hoping you’d say that,” I say. “You look gorgeous.”
	She smiles at me then looks down to admire her dress. It is dark red, not burgundy but almost. The half ballgown, half flowing skirt has barely perceptible purple designs running all over it but congregating at the waistline and coming to a point below the bust. When she moves they sparkle and send tiny dots dancing across the floor.
	“I was really hoping I’d say that too,” she says, laughing. “Now, go! Find your perfect dress!”
	I laugh and walk over to the ladder, deciding to go all the way to the top and all the way around the room. At first, none of the dresses pop out so I begin pushing myself faster along the metal rail, my eyes flicking from dress to dress as I pass.
	I have almost reached the window when the glint of sun off fabric catches my eye. That’s when I spot it. The light green fabric is silky and gauzy and when I pull it out, it shimmers and I realize that it’s not light green but dark green as well. And gold if I hold it just right. And maybe turquoise too.
	At first glance, it just looks like layered fabric with intricately woven and braided gold silk rope tied around random pieces of fabric. However, at closer inspection, I can see the full shape and style of the dress.
	In the simplest sense, it is a halter dress with a cinched waist and a flowing skirt. The part that goes around the neck is held together with two, golden clasps and the fabric connecting to it looks like it is made to hug the torso. 
	When I turn it to look at the back, I realize it’s not a true halter top. The gold rope loops around the waist and leads to the back of the dress where it then spirals and weaves its way up where the edges of my back would be, and connects to both the neckline and two pieces of fabric that flow away from the shoulders and down to the ground.
	My breath has caught in my throat and I have to force it out through a whisper, “If this dress doesn’t fit me…”
	I scramble down the ladder, careful not to rip or stretch anything, and when I reach the ground, Lifa shrieks and does a little jig, her hands clamped over her mouth and her eyes smiling. 
	“That’s it!” she squeals. “That. Is. It!”
	I take it off the hanger and put it on. The fabric is so light, it’s almost as if it isn’t there at all. When I walk, it floats out behind me, actually hovering in the air for a moment when I stop moving.
	“This is it,” I say, smiling at myself in the mirror.
	“Oh, Freya!” Frigga whispers. She walks over to me. “You are simply beautiful.”
	“Thank you.”
	She has tears in her eyes and I turn to look at her.
	“What’s wrong?”
	“It is nothing, only,” she pulls me into her arms. “It’s nothing…but…I—I would be very happy to call you my daughter.”
	
…

	Once the three of us find shoes, Frigga puts the ensembles in a separate room, telling us, “On the morning of the the ball, they will be brought to your rooms.”
	Lifa and her mother thank the Allmother profusely. Saying goodbye to me, they return to the kitchen to help begin the first preparations for the celebration. 
	Frigga and I continue back the way we came.
	“So when exactly is Loki’s birthday?” I ask.
	“It is nine days away.”
	“D-do you know what month that would be on Midgard?”
	She smiles at me, her eyes growing sad. “I do not. However, because Heimdall has his Sight, I believe he can tell you. Though it may only be an estimate, as time is a funny thing.”
	Why didn’t I think of that? He could also see my mom.
	My breathing picks up and I feel my heartbeat quicken. “He can see my family, can’t he?”
	“Yes.”
	“And my friends.”
	“Yes.” Frigga smiles at me reassuringly.
	He can tell me how my family is. He can tell me how Darcy is and—oh god…
	“Freya,” Frigga says, sensing my sudden worry. She pulls me to a gentle stop and turns me to face her. “Do not worry. I do not doubt their safety. After all, it is you Malekith wants, not them.”
	“I know,” I say. I look at her eyes. They are sincere and as friendly as ever. “I just can’t help thinking that maybe he decided to punish them because I got away.”
	She squeezes my shoulders and looks me directly in the eye. “You said it yourself: he must know the field is down and that there is now an opportunity to reclaim you. I do not think he has gone after your family. If anything, he is preparing to come here. And when he does, Heimdall will see him. We will be ready, Freya. You are safe here and we will not let him hurt you.”
	“Thank you.”
	“You are very welcome.” She smiles. “Now, go with Loki and pay the Seer a visit. Calm your nerves. Or some of them, at least.” She chuckles and I smile a little. 
	Frigga opens my door for me and we walk in. No one’s there.
	“I believe,” she says, “Loki and Thor have moved to Loki’s quarters.” She gives me another hug. “I must go speak to my husband. Will we be seeing you at dinner?”
	“Probably. Maybe.” I’ve been wanting to eat with Lifa again and now that she and Loki don’t mind each other, it’s a better time than any.
	Laughing, she says, “If I do not see you, goodnight,” and gives me a final smile before turning and walking out.
	I return to the hall and close my door. Going over to Loki’s, I knock and wait. Loki answers, smiling gently when he sees me.
	“How did your search go, my dear?”
	“It went very well,” I say, stepping around him and walking into his room.
	“I’m glad to hear it.”
	“Freya, just in time!” Thor says. “We were about to play a game we have not played since we were children!” He is sitting on one of the chairs, absentmindedly spinning his hammer around his index finger by its strap.
	“Really?” I look over my shoulder at Loki. He’s rubbing his eyes, looking extremely put off. “What game is that?”
	“A guessing game,” Loki groans.
	“Would you care to join—”
	“Yes!” I cry at the same time Loki says, “Valhalla save me.”
	I roll my eyes at Loki as I sit across from Thor on the sofa. “I was going to go talk to Heimdall but we can play a game first.”
	Thor’s eyes light up. “All the more reason to play! We used to play it as a way to pass the time on long journeys.”
	I should teach them 100 Bottles of Beer. Or would it be mead, since I’m in Asgard…?
	“Perfect!” I cry, standing back up.
	Loki moans but this time it’s more forced and I can see the flicker of a smile hidden beneath.
	“Come on Loki,” I say, taking his hand and pulling him toward the door. “It’ll be fun!”
	We start off down the hall, making our way to the door that leads to the Rainbow Bridge. The game, as it turns out, is a hot-cold version of Twenty Questions.
	“Um,” I say as we step onto the shimmering Bridge. “The animal is large.”
	“You are warm,” Thor says, looking at me.
	“Hooves,” Loki says.
	“Warmer.” He looks at his brother.
	“Antlers!” I say.
	“Very warm.”
	“Scales.”
	“Even warmer,” Thor says.
	“Wait, what?” I ask.
	“It’s a bilgesnipe, is it not?” 
	“Yes! Very good.”
	“What?” I repeat.
	Loki looks at me, perplexed. “Very big, scaly creatures with large antlers?”
	“They do not have them, brother,” Thor says, laughing. “I have asked.”
	“They sound like they’d be terrifying,” I say.
	“They are,” Thor says, then quickens his pace to greet Heimdall.
	“Hello, Freya,” the Seer says once Loki and I have caught up.
	“Hi, Heimdall. I was wondering if—”
	“You were wondering if I could tell you what month it is on Midgard,” he says, looking at me and through me at the same time. “And if your family is alright.”
	“Yes,” I say. I don’t think I’m going to get used to him knowing things enough to finish my sentences.
	“Come.” He leads me to an opening in the Bifrost and looks down a little ways. I follow his gaze, like I’d be able to see Earth too, but of course all I see are stars. “Your family is…” He pauses and I suck in a breath. “They are safe, Darcy as well.”
	“W-where are they?” I ask, looking harder at the stars and still seeing nothing. Loki walks over and takes my hand in his, rubbing my palm with his thumb reassuringly.
	“Your mother is with her sister and her sister’s…boyfriend, I believe Midgardians call it, at a restaurant.”
	“Thank god,” I whisper.
	“Now, as for the month.” He focuses harder. “The leaves have changed.”
	It was September when I got captured. Early September… only a few of the leaves were changing.
	“Many, almost all, have fallen.”
	So it’s late autumn. 
	“It has snowed.”
	Snow? That means it’s—but it can’t be. I can’t have been here that long. I can’t—
	He lifts his head a little, but keeps his eyes planted on the stars. “It is the month of…November.”
	I have been here that long.
	My legs go limp and Loki actually has to catch me to keep me from falling. A part of me screams when I realize how close I was to plummeting into space but that part is now buried in Loki’s arms.
	“November,” I murmur. It’s been too long. I’ve been here for too long. Too long too long too long! 
	I can feel my stomach clenching, my throat closing, my brain fogging up as everything I’ve already cried about comes back. Loki feels it too because he strokes my hair. Everything inside me is telling me—yelling at me—to cry, to get rid of my fear through screaming, to let Loki just hold me as I break. Or—taking into account his own dreams—as we break together.
	But I can’t cry or scream. I don’t want to because I know that if I do, I might split open this time (metaphorically speaking). Or fall into the wide abyss of space (very literally speaking).
	“Freya,” he whispers. “What is it?” His eyes are a soft blue with green ringing the edges of his irises. I feel myself calm down a little and take a big breath.
	I straighten and take a breath. “I already cried, Loki. I—” 
	He stops me by pressing his lips to the top of my head. The fear and worry get pushed under a layer of fuzzy warmth that trails from my head to my feet. “There is no shame in crying again, Freya. When you need to cry, I will be here.”
	“Okay,” I say. He looks like he wants to say more but he doesn’t. I watch him for a moment longer then turn back to the stars. 
	“I apologize for I cannot See what the exact date is as the days on Midgard and the days on Asgard do not always align. Though I am a Seer, the exact correlation of time between Realms can sometimes allude me, especially between Asgard and Midgard, as the days on Midgard are all the same length and the days on Asgard fluctuate as the stars and planets see fit.”
	I turn to face Heimdall but keep myself pressed securely against Loki. “No, no. It’s okay. I just wanted to know about how long I’ve been here. So…thanks…thank you, Heimdall.”
	“You are most welcome.” He looks at me and through me again and, for a moment, his face contorts to that of sadness and pain. But then it’s gone and I am left wondering what he Saw.
	“Thank you, Heimdall,” Thor says. He walks over to him and they start speaking quietly together. Loki and I take this as our cue to leave and we set out back down the Rainbow Bridge.
	“We’re eating dinner with Lifa tonight,” I say, quietly. 
	Loki has yet to let go of me and moves his arm from around my waist to clasp my hand.
	“Very well,” he says. The smile that dances across his lips lasts only for a second. “Do you wish to learn more of the dance?”
	We climb the stairs leading into the castle. “Yes, I would. Very much…but, um.” I tug him to a stop. Before he can speak, I wrap my arms around him and hold him against me as tightly as I can.
	“Thank you, Loki,” I whisper. “Thank you so, so much!”
	He presses another kiss to my head and I shiver a little. I feel him smile against my hair.
	“Thank you, Freya.”
Chapter 27

	I swat Loki’s hand away from his hair for probably the twentieth time. 
	“Loki,” I say, “if you put your hand anywhere near your head again, I swear to god.”
	“You swear, hmm? And what will you do if I…” He reaches his hand up and back. I hastily move the pieces of the french braid into one hand and grab his wrist just before he runs his fingers through the black tendrils I have worked for so long on. Then, I lean forward and stop when my lips are hovering a centimeter from his ear. I sense his whole body stiffen as I suck in a breath to speak.
	“If you ruin this braid, I will not let you read the rest of the Lord of the Rings books…if the chance arises.” 
	Loki gasps. “Would you, really? How cruel.” I can hear the smirk in his voice. 
	I peck a kiss on his neck before straightening. “No.”
	“The god you are swearing to would be very disappointed in you.”
	“Not if the god I was swearing to was you,” I say, separating a piece of hair from the rest with my pinky.
	“If the god you were swearing to were me, you are correct. However, why would you swear to me when it is I who is aggravating you?”
	I laugh. “You’re right. I should be swearing at you.”
	Loki chuckles.
	“So,” I say, changing the subject before the sudden urge to kiss him overwhelms me too much. “What do gods do on their birthday?”
	“Have you forgotten the ball already?” he asks.
	“Obviously I haven’t forgotten the ball, Loki. It’s a ball. I’m from Midgard.”
	“Well…” He shifts his position in the grass and his hand brushes my leg. The accident sends warmth coursing through my body and I have to stop braiding to fully focus on keeping my breathing normal.
	“Don’t stop,” he says. His tone is soft. “I do not know what it is you’re doing, but, whatever it is, it feels extremely good.”
	I immediately get back to braiding his hair and he sighs. “Don’t forget, Loki.” I pull another strand into the braid. “You have to do something with my hair after this.”
	“I was hoping you would forget and simply start over with mine.”
	I grin. “You aren’t the only one who enjoys having their hair played with. On Midgard, girls always ask their friends to style their hair because it feels good.”
	“If I was not experiencing it now, I would call another of your traditions silly.”
	“Yes, but instead I’m going to finish braiding your hair and you are going to tell me what else gods do on their birthdays.”
	“It all depends on whose birthday it is.” He picks some grass and twirls it between his fingers. “Those who can, celebrate extravagantly. Those who can’t—ehm…do not. I must admit I do not fully know what those who can’t do on their birthdays as I am a prince. However, Thor usually helps organize a hunt for one wild beast or another. It always begins and ends with food and drink. As you know, a ball is being organized in my honor and…”
	He trails off just as I’m about to wrap a hair tie I fished out of my bag around the end of the braid.
	“Loki, are you—?”
	“I do not deserve this celebration,” he mutters, dipping his head and pulling the braid out of my hands. His hair slips out of the braid and back to normal but I don’t fully notice.
	“What?”
	“I do not deserve this, Freya.” He turns in the grass to face me. “No one wishes to honor me. Most, if not all, of Asgard hates me for the destruction I have caused.” He throws the grass away from him, hissing, “The Banished Prince.”
	“I’m sure—”
	He glares at me, through me, not really seeing anything. Or, maybe seeing everything. Maybe feeling everything. “You cannot be sure of anything.”
	I take a breath in and blow it out in his face. It ruffles the shorter hairs that didn’t make it into the braid and this time the urge to kiss him is deep in my chest, aching to make him feel better.
	“I can be sure of some things, Loki. I’m sure that Lifa has warmed to you. And, if she has, that means others can too.” He looks at his hands. “I’m sure that people have the ability to change. I’m sure that if they want to change, they can. I’m sure that there are people who want to honor and celebrate you. If they are few and far between, then so be it. But I am sure that I am one of those few and far between people.” I place my hands over his clenched fists and gingerly pull his fingernails out of the small crescents they have made in his palms. Pulling them to me, I hold them against my chest, over the place that wants to kiss him, and raise my eyebrows at him.
	Loki finally meets my gaze. I feel the brief, filing cabinet sensation of my thoughts being rifled through—he must be checking to see if I’m telling the truth—and then it’s gone and he nods at me.
	I’m still holding his hands so I squeeze them, look at him as earnestly as I can, and say, “So, are you going to play with my hair now?”
	For a moment he looks at me, brows furrowed, mouth on the verge of smiling. When it finally breaks through, I smile back and give his hands another quick squeeze before dropping them. I begin to make my way to where he was sitting, moving on my knees, so that I can look out over the hillside. As I skirt around him, he unconsciously touches my side, at the base of my rib cage. I pause and look at him. Because I’m kneeling and because we are so close, I have to crane my neck down to look at him. 
	This must be what it feels like when he looks at me.
	He moves his thumb farther up my side and my breath gets caught in the back of my throat.
	“I th—” I force the air around my teeth, then inhale shakily. “I think you will really like the rest of the Lord of the Rings books.” The words come out in another breath. My head gets light and my mind grows fuzzy. “They’re—um.”
	One corner of Loki’s mouth quirks up and I feel my stomach do its dancing flips again.
	“They’re really good.” I quickly sit down and turn my back to him, ripping up clumps of grass and tearing them into small pieces.
	Loki pulls my hair into his hands, running his fingers through it to get any tangles out. But then he stops and before I can say anything, I feel his breath on the side of my head.
	“I believe you.” And then he kisses the top of my ear.

* * *

	I hold down the power button on my phone and cross my fingers. When the apple appears on the screen, I exhale, then look up at Lifa.
	“It’s still working!” I say, waving it in front of her.
	She claps her hands together. “How long will it continue to function?”
	“The battery—the thing that makes it work—says it’s at 45 percent charge. That means…hopefully a few hours. Maybe?” I click on my image gallery and pull up the album that contains reference hairstyle pictures from high school and college dances. I begin scrolling through them and stop when I get to one in particular. “I was thinking this would go well with your dress. But, obviously, you can keep looking through and pick a different one.” After handing her the phone, I get up and walk to the bathroom to get combs, brushes and ribbons from a cabinet.
	“Er, Freya. How do I—?”
	“Oh! Sorry. To look at them, just swipe your finger over the screen.” I rummage through a cabinet across from the sink for any other hair accessories I can find. “Is it working?” I call, my voice muffled by the wood and gold.
	“Yes!” Lifa yells back.
	I find a purple head wrap of some kind and drape it around my neck. Then, holding everything in my arms, I elbow the cabinet door closed and reenter my room. 
	“Find anything?” I ask, dropping everything on the bed.
	“Oh, yes,” she says. She scoots over to the supplies and hands me the phone. I look at the picture and smile.
	“This is even better than what I found.”
	Lifa grins and holds up the purple fabric to look at it. “Do you think this color matches the subtle purple pattern in my dress?”
	I frown, trying to remember the exact color of her dress. “I want to say yes,” I murmur. I hold the wrap up in the light. “But I’m not really sure.”
	She presses her lips into a line and her eyebrows follow.
	“Although…” I swipe my finger across the screen and mentally cheer when I find more angles of the hairdo Lifa wants. “This style could look cool with the wrap woven through it.”
	The girl’s face lights up and she covers her mouth with her hands, letting out a little squeal. “Yes! That would look perfect—that is truly brilliant, Freya. Yes! And it will look pretty without the wrap as well. That is perfect!”
	I smile at her and crawl onto the bed. “Then let’s try it.”
	She nods. “After, you shall look and find a style you like.”
	“Sounds good.”
	I get to work undoing the braid she already has in and brushing out the light waves it has created. I glance at the picture, swiping left or right to get a better angle of it every now and then. 
	“Okay,” I mutter. I pick up a comb, smiling at how Asgard has a wide array of combs and brushes and how I was able to find the one I needed so easily. I then proceed to use the point of the comb to section her hair into three parts, one main and two smaller on either side. Using more hair ties I found in my bag, I tie the smaller sections into little pigtails so I can work with the bigger section. 
	I place the head wrap on her head, an inch or so away from her hairline, then begin braiding the larger section, working in the tails of the head wrap here and there so that the purple only appears in small sections throughout the braid. At the bottom, I wrap a hair tie around Lifa’s hair, then tie the remaining fabric into a drooping bow. 
	“One part done,” I say, patting down some baby hairs.
	“It feels beautiful,” Lifa says, the smile clear in her voice.
	I laugh and pull the hair ties off the two small sections of hair. “Good. Can you hold this part of your hair for me?”
	“Of course.” She takes it in her hand. “But why did you not simply keep it in the black tie?”
	“I don’t know. I wasn’t thinking,” I say, laughing again. I then braid the two small sections and secure them together with another hair tie. After hiding the end of these braids in her hair, I smile at my handiwork, the small braids fall delicately over her head and over the purple fabric.
	“Alright,” I say, leaning back on my hands. “All done. Go see if you like it.”
	She hops up and bounces her way to the mirror. I hear her gasp and smile as I look down at my phone to look for a hairstyle I like.
	“You did such a beautiful job,” Lifa says. She turns to see different angles of her hair. “I love it!”
	“Good!” I say. “And I think I found a hairstyle I like. Come see if you think it’ll look good with my dress.”
	She rushes over, her face bright, her grin wide. After she jumps onto the bed, I hold out my phone and she squints at the picture of a girl with her hair in a half updo and braids circling the bun.
	“Do you think it would look good?” I ask. “I can’t tell.”
	Lifa nods, looks at me, and frowns.
	“What?”
	“I wish to try something. It is like this, however more of your hair is up.”
	I smile. “Sure! Go ahead.” I shift to the edge of the bed and feel Lifa start to section off my hair like I did to hers. 
	“Freya, I…er…”
	I want to turn but she tugs my head gently back into place.
	“What’s wrong?” I ask, looking at the door and noticing the subtle yet intricate pattern carved into it.
	“I would like to ask you a question about—well…I would like to ask you a question but I do not wish for you to get upset. So, may I ask?”
	My stomach clenches but I push out a laugh. “Of course.”
	“V-very well. I was only wondering if you have learned any more about why the Dark Elves captured you from Midgard. Of course, word went around when the strange field surrounding Asgard disappeared. Since then, I have been wondering if M-Malekith”—she says his name like she just ate something bitter—“realized and is now coming back.”
	“He probably did. He probably is.” I squeeze my fingers into my palms, thinking. Then I blink when I come to a realization: I never told Lifa that I was the one who brought down the field. “Holy shit, Lifa.”
	“What? What is wrong with you, now?” She laughs lightly, but I can actually feel the nervous undertone as her hands shake in my hair. 
	“God, sorry. No—it’s just that I never told you what happened with the force field thing. I was the one who made it disappear.”
	She keeps braiding my hair for a few more seconds and then she stops. “I am sorry, what?”
	“It was me. I was the one who made it disappear.”
	“You were the…you—what? How could—how did you do that?” She drops some of my hair and mutters what I assume is a curse in Norse under her breath.
	“I also made it appear but I didn’t learn that until more recently.”
	“You…you did both of those things?” she asks. “But how? Did you not just find out you possessed magic?”
	“I did. That’s the thing. I just thought all I could do was burn a leaf, and make a magical ball of light hover over my hands. That’s what Loki thought, too, I think.”
	“Valhalla’s name, Freya. Your journey has been far more eventful than I realized.”
	I laugh. “Yeah. No kidding.”
	“I do not understand,” she says. I feel her fingers move through my hair faster. “How?”
	“Uh, well.” I stare at one of the pillows on the sofa and think about the best way to explain, seeing as I don’t fully understand myself. Should I just say that first? “Uh—I don’t really understand it, to be honest. What Odin told me was that, even though I was unconscious, I somehow created the field to protect myself. Obviously I was asleep, so I don’t really know my reasoning.” I clear my throat, my voice growing thick with nerves. “Maybe I knew Malekith was going to leave me here, I don’t know. But I created it and then I made it go away. And that is a weird story.” I explain how Heimdall told me that if Loki were to try to get rid of the force field, he’d die, and how, when I grabbed Loki’s head to make sure he didn’t hit it against the side of the Bifrost, the energy went through me and out the top of my head.
	When I finish, Lifa leans around me to look at my face. “It went out your head?” Her face is contorted in confusion and surprise, her eyes somehow wide and frowning at the same time.
	“Yes.”
	“Dear gods in Valhalla,” she murmurs and sits back to continue working on my hair.
	I sigh a little. “Yeah.”
	I feel her wrap a hair tie around my hair and then I feel her begin pulling at the braids.
	“Freya,” she asks after a while of this, her voice low, “is he coming back?”
	I’m silent, still staring at the pillow on the sofa. It’s a deep red with an image of trees sewn in green and the Bifrost sewn in silver and gold. Then I blink and shrug and sit up straighter. 
	“I don’t know.” And quieter, “I hope not.”
	Another moment of silent hair wrapping passes, and I feel the lack of sound filling up my ears. 
	“But let’s not worry about that, okay?” I say, a bit louder than I meant to. Lifa jumps and pulls some of my hair too hard. “Ow!”
	“Oh, Freya! My apologies!”
	“It’s”—I begin laughing—“It’s fine, Lifa.” I can’t stop laughing and it’s all I can do to not buckle over and make Lifa drop my hair.
	“What is it?” 
	I can hear the smile in her voice and it’s not too long until we’re both laughing uncontrollably.
	“I have finished, with your hair I mean,” she says between gasps. “But what is so humorous?”
	“It’s”—I try to stop laughing but all I do is cough—“stupid.”
	“No! Tell me!” Lifa cries, hitting my arm. “Do not fall back, though! Your hair!”
	“S-sorry.” Finally I’m able to speak clearly. However, before I do, I lean forward and wipe my eyes, getting rid of the tears that were brimming. “It’s nothing, really. But we’re doing each other’s hair to get ready for a ball when there is a psychopathic Elf probably on his way right now to capture me again and make me search for a magical rock.” I wipe my eyes again. “An Elf. Jesus!”
	“Who?”
	“No one. Nothing.” My breath hitches as I trap more laughter in my chest. “God. This doesn’t happen in real life—I’m living in a book, or a movie, or a really bizarre TV show. People would probably really like this TV show if it were a thing.”
	Lifa frowns. “I knew the first word, but the other two…”
	“Sorry,” I say, grinning and rubbing my eyes. I cross my ankles on the bed in front of me and lean back on my free hand. “I have to stop making references. A movie is something people go to watch in a big room full of chairs. Stuff happens in them and they can be about romance, or action, or drama, or comedy. A TV show is like a bunch of short movies that all relate to each other.”
	She nods like she understands what I’m talking about but I can tell she doesn’t: her eyebrows are still pulled into sideways question marks. Then she shakes her head slightly, smiles and motions to my head. “Go look at your hair!”
	“Right! I will!” I jump up and rush over to the mirror. What I see is beautiful and I crane my neck to look at all the angles. Lifa had made two braids, one on either side of my head, then pulled out pieces of hair so that little waves fell from the somehow-still-intact braids and brushed my neck. 
	“Lifa!” I cry, spinning to face her and feeling the loosed curls tickle my skin. I hop and do a little dance before running back to the bed. “This is perfect!”
	“You like it?”
	“I love it! You did such a wonderful job. Are you sure you don’t do this more often?”
	“I am positive. My brothers have long hair, of course, but they never let me touch it.”
	I grin at her. “You’ve got a knack for this type of thing.”
	I’m about to pull her up so we can both look in the mirror when there’s a knock on the door.
	“One minute,” I call. Lifa follows me as far as the mirror and I continue on to the door. I open it and see Frigga smiling and holding a large platter of food. Lifa’s mom stands beside the Queen and smiles at me as well; she carries a pitcher and a precariously balanced stack of cups. Behind them are eight people. Two—a man and a woman—carry a small array of instruments; some look like large flutes, others look like bodiless cellos and violins with their strings suspended between gold violin-and-cello-shaped rings. Three other women push three separate rolling racks that look like the things you put your luggage on at hotels. On each rail hangs a dress and on the floor of each sits the shoes we picked out along with assortments of large and small bags. The last three people, two women and a man, hold piles of what look like folded towels and a robe; at the tops of the piles sit small pouches that look like elaborately decorated makeup bags.
	“Hi,” I say, breathless after taking everyone and everything in. “We were just trying out hairstyles.”
	“That is perfect timing because,” the Allmother says, shifting her grip on the platter’s handles, “it is time to get ready for the ball.”



Chapter 28

	I press myself into the door as Frigga enters, followed by Toril and the others. Smiling at the strangers, I nudge my door closed and turn to face my room that is now occupied by ten more people than I was anticipating now (eight more than I was anticipating later).
	“Freya—Mother! What is going on?” Lifa asks, looking from me to Toril to Frigga.
	“Sweet Lifa,” her mother says. She places the pitcher and cups on the table in front of the hearth then rushes over to her daughter. “It is time to get ready for the ball!”
	“Now?” Lifa asks, frowning.
	“Yeah—sorry,” I say when I realize I cut off Toril. “But why now? Isn’t the ball tonight? Lifa and I ate breakfast a few hours ago.”
	“Yes, yes, Freya, you are right. However”—Frigga pauses to place the platter on the table with the cups—“I thought it would be fun to make your getting ready somewhat of an…event!” She grins at Toril and at the eight strangers, and it hits me that I have never seen the Queen grin fully. The look makes her look years younger and, for a spit second, I see Loki in her smile—the happy version of a Loki grin, not the intimidating smirk-grin combination he always used when I first met him. “I hope that is okay,” she continues, breaking me from my thoughts.
	“Of course it is!” I cry. My stomach seems to spread out then crumple in excitement. “What’s going to happen first?”
	“Music!” Frigga turns to the man and woman holding the instruments and nods. She walks over and speaks quietly with them for a moment before turning to the three people with the rolling racks. The instrumentalists walk over and begin setting up next to my wardrobe. The women with the racks maneuver them around the instrumentalists and past my bed, then line the racks up in front of the window. The last three—the man and two women—walk over to my closed bathroom door.
	“May we?” one of the women asks.
	“Yes. Let me just pick some stuff up first, though.” I dip past them and push the door to the bathroom open. I then pick up two towels I had left by the sink, and toss them into a basket. “Okay. It’s all yours.” I leave them to their work and rejoin Frigga, Toril and Lifa.
	Lifa walks over to me, her smile showing more teeth than I have ever seen. She’s about to say something when the woman instrumentalist runs her bow across her violin-like instrument and out of the strings comes something that sounds like both a violin and a harp. The man picks up one of the large flutes and holds it vertically for a moment, then lets go. I gasp as it stays upright and lets out a long, low note.
	“Y-you have magic instruments?” I cry, turning to Frigga. She’s smiling at the performers.
	“Indeed we do. Asmund and Asta are two of the finest musicians in the palace.”
	The man, Asmund, picks up the cello shell to play, but not before he has magically made a smaller flute begin playing as well.
	“Damn,” I breath.
	Frigga laughs. “For the rest of the day we shall eat, talk and, eventually, get dressed and ready.”
	I nod, staring in turn at the instruments, the three women talking quietly by the racks, and the people in the bathroom. “Yeah,” I say, still nodding, which makes Lifa start giggling. “Yeah, this sounds good. This sounds very, very good.”
	For the rest of the day, we do exactly what the Allmother said we would. From Toril, I learn more about Lifa and her family. Hal is the youngest brother, which I already knew, but Toril tells me that the middle brother is named Jari and the oldest brother, Eirik — named after Toril’s father — is training to become one of the Royal Guardsmen. Lifa tells me stories from her childhood and her village. Before the village was attacked and Hal was born, Lifa and Eirik would go out into a small wood behind their house — “adventuring,” as Lifa puts it; she says they were allowed to go as far as the large, red elm by themselves, but that they never actually made it there as the tree was a mile into the forest and there were “castles and forts to be built” closer to home. Toril also tells me stories about Lifa as a baby and a toddler. I find these hilarious and adorable, but Lifa sits through most of them with her head in her hands, only looking up to smile or grimace at her mother. 
	Lifa and I then prod Frigga for any stories of Thor and Loki when they were young. She laughs and shakes her head, but after more begging, she finally tells us some. Loki started out a prankster and, of course, ended a prankster. But for a while, Frigga tells us, Loki spent most of his time reading, talking with her or others he was close to, and following Thor around. To my surprise, she tells us that Thor was the one to pull jokes for a while, and Loki would only get back at his brother when he did something he just couldn’t ignore—such as organizing all the books on Loki’s bookshelves by the first letter of the last word in the fourth chapter, or keeping everything the way it was in Loki’s room but just flipping it, so that if his bed was on the left it was now on the right.
	By the end of Frigga’s story, Lifa and I are laughing hysterically. Lifa says that the three of us—her, Loki and I—should devise a way to turn Thor’s room upside down, but immediately asks for the Allmother’s apology as she “should not be one to suggest such a thing.” 
	“No, my dear!” Frigga says, smiling. “There is no need to apologize. I will help you!”
	We are all laughing again when it comes time to get ready for the ball.
	First, one by one, we all take baths, with the help of the three who have prepared the bathroom. After wrapping our hair in towels and putting on the robes, it’s time for makeup; and boy, do Asgardians have a wide and beautiful array of makeup. When Lifa is getting her makeup done, I redo her hair (which is already dry due to the magical qualities of the towels we used). She redoes mine as I get my makeup done. Once we are finished, I turn to look at her. I smile at her light pinks, purples and reds, and she smiles at my natural pink and subtly changing green-blue smoky eye.
	Toril, Lifa, Frigga and I are in a dress-buttoning-up line when there is a knock on the door. Frigga buttons my last button then walks over to the door. She opens it just enough to peek her head out and I glance over to see her pushing both Thor’s and Loki’s faces away from the opening.
	“No, Loki!” I hear her say as she walks into the hall. “It is a surprise.”
	“You are all set, m’dear,” I say, patting Lifa’s shoulders and walking over to the edge of my bed to sit down.
	“Be careful of your dress, m’lady,” says the woman, Bryn, who brought my dress. Her name is actually Brynhild, but she told me to call her Bryn which made me happy because Brynhild doesn’t exactly roll off the tongue. She motions for me to stand and when I do, she fixes some part of the fabric then smiles and returns to the cart.
	“Thank you,” I say, smiling back. “You are all welcome to the food platter, by the way. I know you refused earlier, but you guys look hungry.”
	Bryn glances at the two women she stands next to. After a silent conversation of eyebrow moving, they all rush to the platter, thanking me as they go. The three makeup artists join them and, once the instrumentalists finish the song they are on, they begin eating too.
	“Oh! You are already eating!” Frigga says. She closes the door. “Good; I was going to relieve you all of your duties. You may eat and go as you please.”
	There is a chorus of “Thank you, my Queen,” and “Yes, Allmother,” then they turn back to chatting, eating and drinking.
	“Did you scare Thor and Loki off, my Queen?” Lifa asks, laughing.
	“I did. But, my child, call me Frigga, please. We have spent enough time together that the formalities are no longer necessary,” Frigga says.
	Lifa glances at her mother.
	“We are honored, Allmother,” Toril begins, “but I believe we should continue—”
	“I insist, Toril. Please. It means so much to know you both more than I did, so I would very much like it if you called me Frigga.”
	“Very well, Frigga,” Toril breathes, smiling at her daughter.
	“Thank you.” Then Frigga turns back to me. “It’s time for the ball, Freya.”
	I turn to Lifa, grab her hands and at almost the same time, we start cheering, giggling and bouncing in a circle.

…

	The walk to the Ballroom is a blur, but I remember feeling like I am floating. Now, we stand in front of the tall double doors. Frigga has told us that we are to be introduced by someone—she explained all this during the walk—and then we are free to do as we please. 
	Lifa looks at me. I can tell by how high her eyebrows have climbed, and by how many times I have had to tell her to not play with her hair, that she’s nervous. So, I give her hand a reassuring squeeze and say, “We’ll walk out together, okay?”
	She nods and doesn’t let go of my hand. “Your fingers are shaking,” she whispers.
	“You’re not the only one who doesn’t want to walk out in front of hundreds of strangers,” I mutter back. Now she gives my hand a reassuring squeeze.
	“I will walk in first and you three will follow,” Frigga says. She turns to face us, smiling, but her smile falls away when she sees our faces. “Do not be nervous. Yes, there are many people, but they will welcome you. And” —she laughs— “they will not stare at you longer than a moment. After all, it is a ball; there is food and drink to be had, friends and acquaintances to speak with. Watching you will not be a top priority, I promise.”
	“Okay.” I nod. “You ready, Lifa?”
	“Yes.” The word comes out as a crack, and she clears her throat to repeat, more strongly, more happily this time, “Yes. Valhalla, am I ready for a ball!”
	Frigga presses her hands together, and holds them up to her mouth, splitting her smile in half. “I shall go. When you hear clapping, that is when you enter.”
	Clapping. For us.
	The Queen has only to touch the doors for them to open, and she walks in. From inside the Ballroom comes a loud voice: “Now entering: The Allmother. Followed by Toril, Daughter of Eirik, her daughter, Lifa, the Daughter of Tryggr, and Freya Ericsson.” Like Frigga said, the words are followed by applause that echoes around the corner, hitting us and continuing down the hall.
	“I suppose I must enter first,” Toril says. She kisses Lifa’s cheek then disappears around the corner.
	“Us next,” I say, gripping Lifa’s hand tighter. Lifa and I put on non-nervous smiles and walk around the corner, following Toril and Frigga into the Ballroom.
	As expected, hundreds of faces look at us when we enter. They murmur a remark or comment to whomever they are with and then, as Frigga said they would, they turn away and carry on with what they were doing before. Without all the attention, I have a chance to try to take in the whole room. I haven’t been to many basketball games but if I had to guess, the Ballroom is as big as, or bigger than, the college court…plus the players’ benches…plus the bleachers. But size is where the Ballroom’s similarities to a basketball court end; all around us are colorful ribbons and metallic decorations, golden walls and marble floors, tapestries and painted landscapes. The ceiling reaches so high above our heads that I have to grab Lifa’s arm to keep her from tipping as she cranes her neck to look all the way up.
	In the far-right corner is a raised platform with musicians and floating instruments playing softly, allowing everyone a chance to talk and catch up. The corners closest to us are set up with a dozen or so tables and chairs and running nearly the entire length of the left wall is a table, every inch filled with foods and drinks.
	“Ho-ly shit,” I whisper.
	“Yes,” Lifa murmurs. “Holy shit, indeed.”
	I snort, then cover my nose and mouth, hitting Lifa’s arm with my other hand when she starts laughing.
	We try to compose ourselves, mostly because people are beginning to look at us again. As I stifle my laughter, I glance around the room. At first, my eyes skirt over Loki because he can’t be wearing that. But it is him and my only thought as his eyes jump over me is, Damn, does he know how to dress.
	He is talking to Thor and two people whom I have never met before, but his eyes continue hopping around the room, jumping over me again and again. I guess he can’t believe what I’m wearing either.
	He wears what is probably considered the Asgardian version of a suit: boots, pants, and a shirt with a coat-cloak combination covering it. At first the coat-cloak looks black, but as Loki shifts and the fabric catches the light, emerald green undertones ripple into view.
	“Oh my god.”
	“What?” Lifa asks.
	“I-I think Frigga picked out Loki’s cloak thingy to match my dress.” 
	Frigga smiles at us from the food table, her eyes lingering on mine for just a moment—she knows I have seen Loki—then she joins Odin by the drinks.
	I look back at Loki and, finally, our eyes meet. He stops mid-sentence and doesn’t close his mouth. I smile and give him a small wave, and this seems to shock him out of his daze enough to move. He murmurs, “Pardon me,” to Thor and the others, and brushes past them. He hasn’t taken his eyes off me the entire time.
	Stopping a few feet in front of me, he places one arm behind his back and the other over his chest and gives me a shallow bow, still not looking away. When he straightens, he takes my hand and kisses my knuckles.
	“H-hello,” I say, grinning.
	“Hello, my love.”
	If he wasn’t holding my hand when he said that, I might have fallen over.
	We stare at each other. In my peripheral vision I see Lifa looking from me to Loki and back again. Her grin widens and reaches her canines as she tries not to start giggling.
	Now that Loki is so close, and I can see his coat-cloak better, I see that not only is the black (and green) fabric has more shifting green accents. The collar looks to be the same emerald green as the undertones of the fabric, then Loki moves his head a little and the new angle of light turns the green to gold. This same decoration is striped down part of the left side of his cloak and, without thinking, I reach out, trailing my fingers down it. He doesn’t seem to notice as he takes me and my dress in.
	Swaying a bit, I look down at my dress. The iridescent green flows through different shades, passing from olive, to moss green, to evergreen, to what looks like the green of newly grown grass. I gasp when, finally, the color settles on a gold that matches Loki’s cloak’s decorations perfectly.
	“Beautiful,” Loki breathes.
	“What?” I ask. My cheeks get hot and Lifa covers her mouth with her hands.
	“Ehm…” Loki blinks, looks at his feet, coughs, looks back up. “You…are beautiful,” he says slowly. “Simply and utterly beautiful.”
	“Valhalla’s name!” Lifa squeals. I glance at her and she takes a few steps away to recompose herself.
	“Thank you,” I whisper, but I don't think I actually say anything. Now it’s my turn to clear my throat. “You’re pretty handsome yourself.” 
	I see Thor walk up behind Loki and smile at him. “Hi, I like your cloak thing,” I say, motioning to Thor’s silver coat-cloak that has fur around the collar.
	“Thank you.” Thor bows. “I must say, my ladies Freya and Lifa, you both look lovely this evening.”
	I give him a shallow curtsy. “Why thank you! You both are very handsome,” I say, focusing my gaze back on Loki. 
	“Lifa, you need not hold such an uncomfortable position,” Thor says, laughing. 
	Lifa has been mid-curtsy since Thor walked over and is just now straightening.
	“My apologies…” she murmurs.
	“Nonsense!” Thor’s voice is a happy bellow. “There is no need to apologize. But may I ask a question?”
	Lifa looks at me, her lips turned up nervously. “Yes.”
	“The musicians are beginning to play. May I have this first dance?”
	“Me?” she asks. Her chin drops, and she tries to cover it with her hand before Thor notices. He already has, however, and smiles at her, bowing then extending his hand.
	She looks at me again. I can’t tell what she’s trying to ask me—whether it’s “what should I do?” or “is this really happening?”
	I just nod, grin, and give her a small thumbs-up.
	She turns back to Thor. “I-I would love to have this dance.” Her voice doesn’t shake.
	Giving me one last grin, she places her hand on Thor's and they walk to the center of the room. Loki and I stand there, watching them, for a while. Some of the floating instruments switch with ones the musicians were using. When the song starts, I gasp. It’s a flourish of violins, flutes and other instruments, and sounds almost Celtic or Irish or both. And somehow everyone knows the same dance. Everyone who is standing in the middle of the room with a partner begins moving at almost the same instant and with the same motions. Sometimes they create small pinwheels of two to four people, and other times they all make a circular or star-shaped pattern across the floor.
	“Loki,” I say, quietly.
	He places his hand on my back. “Yes, my love?”
	“Do I need to know a special dance?”
	He looks at me, eyes wide. “Were you not taught it?”
	“What?” I hiss. “You mean I actually—no one told me. What am I supposed to—”
	Then he smirks. I punch his arm.
	“You’re joking!” I cry.
	Loki grins wider.
	“You ass. Oh my god.” Pressing my palms to my eyes, I lean against him. “You had me really worried for a minute.”
	“Did I?” He presses his lips to the side of my head and a flower of warmth blooms under my skin, growing larger until it has enveloped my brain.
	“Yes, you did,” I whisper. I feel his arm wrap around my waist and smile to myself. “Jerk.”
	“Mmm,” he agrees. 
	“You are,” I insist, tugging at his sleeve. But it’s not very convincing and he knows it because he kisses my head again. I know I’m not being convincing when I realize how exhausting it is ignoring the urge to kiss him. Feeling myself blush, I grin at my feet. 
	“So,” I say a moment later, “were you really not always this mischievous?”
	Loki looks at me, frowning.
	“Your mom was telling us stories before we got ready for the ball and she said—”
	He pinches the bridge of his nose and puffs air out of his mouth. “She what?”
	“She told us stories from when you and Thor were little kids.”
	He makes a disgusted face and looks away before his cheeks redden to a light tomato color.
	“Loki!” I cry, laughing, which makes him even more embarrassed. “The stories were cute—really cute!”
	“And you believe that is supposed to make me feel better.”
	“God.” I hop to my tip-toes and kiss his cheek. “You’re very adorable when you’re embarrassed,” I murmur. This makes him look at me, so I grin wider and he sighs. “Loki” —I get as serious as I can— “how many different ways did Thor reorganize your bookshelves?”
	“Many.”
	“Yeah, I could have guessed that, but how many?”
	“Honestly,” he says, turning to be completely in front of me and wrapping his other arm around my waist, pulling me closer, “I lost count. He became very creative. He even used my mother’s magic to organize everything in my room as it is generally, except on the ceiling.”
	“Maybe someday you’ll wake up and your bed will be on the ceiling again.”
	“You have that much magic, do you?” He chuckles, shakes his head, then focuses his gaze on the dancers behind me.
	“Loki,” I say, playing with a fold in his coat-cloak, “if I have enough magic to create and then…un-create that force field thing that surrounded Asgard, I think I have enough magic to flip your room upside down.”
	“I look forward to the surprise.” Loki takes my hand, kisses my palm just below my thumb and twirls me under his arm. “But now, my love, what do you wish to do?”
	“Um…” As I spin, I look at everyone and everything. “I want food,” I say, tripping over my feet and directly into Loki’s chest. 
	He turns a little, catches me and lets my momentum propel me past him and into a dip. “Your request is my demand.” His face is no more than an inch from mine and I can smell the icy mint. And I am tired again because, dear god, I could just kiss him right— He pulls me up and bows before escorting me over to the long table.
	“What do you suggest?” I ask, picking up a plate and trying not to be overwhelmed by the sheer number of options available.
	“The pastries are very good.” He points to a tray piled high with rose-colored croissants filled with creme, berries or chocolate. “However, if you desire something not as sweet, there are many choices that contain no meat.”
	I smile at him, both happy because he remembered I am a vegetarian and excited because Asgardian food is delicious. I then load my plate with a croissant, some sort of salad that contains different vegetables, a variety of nuts, some cheese and fruit.
	For the next hour or so, we eat and drink, and Loki allows me to goggle at everything without being openly exasperated by it. I keep asking questions about this dance, or that song, or the fact that the amount of food never seems to decrease. He rolls his eyes like it’s obvious, and I laugh. And then he answers my question. He looks relieved when I have finally exhausted my curiosity.
	Now that I have no questions about the ball, we begin talking about random things. Loki asks about the next Lord of the Rings book, but takes the question back a moment later, claiming, “There will certainly come a time for me to read it, so I need not know the plot now.” On that note, we start talking about Middle Earth, the characters, the Ring, Samwise Gamgee being a wonderful friend to Frodo. At one point I end up talking about the movie and Loki asks me multiple questions that are pretty much different forms of: “Why would the man who created this movie change certain aspects of the novel?”
	“Everyone back on Earth asks that same question whenever a movie based off a book is released,” I say before taking a drink of water.
	“But why change it?”
	I shrug and try to stifle my giggles; his eyebrows have been slowly moving closer and closer together. “Some of it has to do with the length of the film. For example, if they made a movie that was, in every way, exactly like this book called Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows—which is, like, 750 pages or something—it’d be way too long. I mean, I’d sit through it, but people who aren’t diehard Harry Potter fans wouldn’t. Another reason is that, if a book is really long, then the directors and everyone can make more than one and then get more money, like with The Hobbit.”
	Loki raises an eyebrow at me and I cover my face, smiling.
	“I’m sorry. You probably didn’t understand half the words I said.”
	“Oh no, I understood plenty. Though, when you put the words together, that is where my comprehension falters.” 
	I laugh and throw a berry at him. He moves and catches it in his mouth and I applaud.
	“Thank you. It is not every day that my talent of catching flying fruit in my mouth can be taken advantage of.” Grinning at me, he picks up a small handful of the berries from his plate, gives me a weird look when I flinch, and tosses them into his mouth. “Did you think I would throw them at you?”
	“Honestly, yes. I did,” I say, peering down at my plate to see what food I have left. I feel something bounce off my forehead and look up in time to see a small, blue sphere roll off the table. In my peripheral vision, Loki is smirking, then smiling softly. In my peripheral vision, Loki’s lips are pulled into a gently curving line over his teeth and one eyebrow raises slightly higher than the other. In my peripheral vision, Loki’s smile falls away, but his eyebrows both raise a fraction of an inch higher and seem to pull his lips apart a little.
	“Freya,” he says. His voice is quiet, but I still jump when he speaks, chills running up my back then seeping down to my toes as warmth.
	“Yeah?” 
	His eyes are a muted blue. God, does he have beautiful eyes. 
	“May I have this dance?”
	“May you have…” I look around, feeling a blush beginning in my neck. I don’t know when, but at some point the music stopped. Now, almost everyone is looking at us, expectantly. Frigga and Odin are watching me; the Queen is smiling and nodding, the King does not look unpleasant. “What? What’s going on?” I whisper. 
	Loki stands and walks around the table. Holding out a hand, he pulls me from my chair, turns me so that his chest is at my back, and speaks in my ear.
	“Generally, there is a dance between the Allmother and her son. This time my mother has expressed her desire for you and me to dance first.”
	“We have to go first?” I almost cry, surprised that I somehow manage to keep my voice down. 
	“Yes.”
	“Why is everyone looking at us?”
	“Because they announced the dance when you were traveling in a daze.”
	“Oh.” 
	“When I give the signal to the musicians, the song will begin.”
	“Loki,” I whisper, my voice trembling slightly, “what if I mess up?”
	“You won’t. Keep your eyes on me and not on your feet.” He places his left hand on my waist and takes my right hand in his, keeping me in front and to the right of him. “Walk,” he murmurs.
	I nod. I’ve always been okay speaking in front of people for a project or presentation, but for some reason I could never perform. When I did the mandatory elementary school play in fifth grade, I was immediately put in the ensemble because I had to go to the bathroom to throw up a minute into auditions.
	“Freya,” Loki says, louder this time. “When we get to the center of the Ballroom, I will remove my hand from your waist and you are to spin under my arm one full time. Because your back is to me, you will have to turn a bit more to face me. When you do this, let go of my hand and immediately place your palm in mine and your hand on my shoulder like you have learned.”
	I nod again. I only relax (just a little) when he presses a kiss to the back of my head.
	“And lock your elbow,” he murmurs against my ear before straightening.
	“Okay.” We have come to a stop. “Are you going to tell me when—”
	“Spin now!” he says under his breath. 
	He backs up a step to give me room to twirl and I see him smiling when I face him the first time.
	“And let go,” he breathes. I do and we each take a half-step to each other as the music starts. Placing my hand on his shoulder and my palm in his, I give him a nervous smile. “Lock your elbow” —he’s speaking quickly— “remember the square movement I taught you—yes? Very good. That is what we are doing now.”
	I stare at his face but focus my attention on my feet. We make small square movements across the floor, turning a little with each step.
	“Now we speed up a bit.” 
	We turn faster and I feel my legs wobble.
	“Freya, look at me,” Loki says. 
	My eyes had wandered downward and I snap them back up. 
	“Do not focus on your feet, focus on moving with me. Focus on the music and the melody.”
	“Okay,” I whisper.
	We come to a fluid stop, then take a few steps to one side and the same amount back. And just like that, we are moving again, and I have not tripped. The music swells and Loki and I move faster, turning more rapidly. I feel my dress billow around my legs, hear “ooh”s and “aah”s coming from everyone who stands in a large circle around us. 
	I close my eyes and listen to the dips and peaks, finding myself rising higher on my toes as the music gets louder, then back down as it softens. Loki lets go of my hand and moves his hand to my waist. I let go of his shoulder and let my back curve, my arms over my head—we’re still spinning around the room and I still have not tripped. And then, in a split second, my eyes are open again, and we have returned to our normal positions. We do more twirling squares and then Loki begins spinning me under his arm again. I laugh, holding my free arm out, except for when I pass Loki, so I don’t hit him. 
	When I get close to getting too dizzy, I’m back at Loki’s chest, closer this time, and he is looking at me. His eyes have shifted to something darker, not so dark that they are a forest, but more like the color of the ocean at sunset: the blue-green that hides at the edges of the pinks, purples and oranges. I focus only on his irises and only partially take in how fast everything is whizzing past us and how my feet seem to barely touch the ground.
	Loki dips me, laughing when my eyes go wide. I’m back up and we’re moving again. We twirl and spin, taking a moment or two for Loki to spin me under his arm again and then we’re going again before I have time to catch my breath or my balance. Then the music strengthens, and I can almost feel it surging through my chest. Loki places both hands on my waist again and bends slightly at the knee.
	“What are you doing?” I whisper.
	“Put your hands on my shoulders,” he whispers back, a mischievous gleam entering his eyes.
	“Loki, I am not being picked up—” But then I'm in the air, a foot or two off the ground and a few inches above and away from Loki’s face. Terrified, I do what he tells me; instead of just holding his shoulders, I’m almost choking him as I cling to his cloak.
	Everyone starts clapping, and I look down at him. He’s smiling even though, as he spins, my dress keeps hitting him in the face.
	“You may let go if you wish,” he says. 
	I shake my head almost imperceptibly. 
	This makes him laugh. “I’ve got you.”
	My insides turn to ice and then melt, feeling like lava all over. Slowly, I remove my hands from the back of his neck and move my arms in a sweeping arch out to my sides. As I do, Loki places me back on the floor, the music slows, and we go back to spinning, moving less and less as the instruments do the same. Loki pulls me against him, pressing his forehead against mine, just as the last violin-like instrument plays its last note.
	I’m breathing hard and I can hear my heart pounding—my forehead and ears feel like they are pulsing—but my breath catches in my throat when Loki trails his hand down my spine. He presses his palm against my back. Chills prick me all over, turning on every nerve in my body as they go. I can feel each finger pressed with equal force into my skin; even though he’s a Frost Giant, his hand is warm like always; this makes me laugh…Frost Giant, but he’s so warm; I can feel muscles in his hand and wrist clench when he stops and looks at me.
	Now his hand is not only warm but burning. It sends tendrils in every direction—I recognize this sensation, this particular sensation. Wracking my brain for why this feels so familiar.
	“Oh,” I breath. When I created a floating ball of magic, I had felt a similar warmth, a tingling, in my fingers and hands. It had trailed throughout my body just like the heat radiating from Loki into my nervous system. 
	He makes me feel like magic.
	“Freya! Freya?” Loki says, nudging me. From the tone of his voice, I know he has repeated my name more than twice.
	“Hmm?” I ask. I look at him and my lips smile on their own.
	“What is it?”
	I shake my head. “N-nothing.” My voice is loud enough for him to hear but it comes out like wind.
	He cocks an eyebrow at me, one corner of his mouth following it upward. “You know, my love” —how long is it going to take for me to not feel like falling when he calls me that?— “though I am not reading your mind, I can still tell when you are lying.”
	“Then, I guess,” I say, trying to shake myself out of my mind and back to the present, “you will just have to be held in suspense.”
	The time it takes me to blink is the same amount of time it takes Loki to move close enough to me so that he can speak directly into my ear. “There I shall stay, I suppose, until you decide to tell—or show—me what it is you have been so unwillingly keeping to yourself.”
	I turn to him, the tips of our noses brushing against each other. “Yes,” I say, “there you shall stay, I suppose.”
	His eyes flick down my face to my lips. Then, in another blink, he’s standing next to me again, arm around my waist, relaxed and smiling at his mother who is walking towards us.
	“Freya!” she cries, her face bright. “That was simply beautiful!”
	She takes me by the shoulders and pulls me into a tight hug.
	“Simply beautiful,” she repeats. She holds me at arm’s length, looking from me to her son. “Both of you.” She lets go of me and I smile wider as she pulls Loki into a hug. “Lovely, my son. Wonderful!”
	“Thank you, mother.”
	“Yes, well…” She backs away from him to look at both of us again. Her eyes are glistening, but she wipes them before any tears fall. “Loki, I believe our dance is coming shortly. Then, Freya, there shall be more dancing—for everyone, of course.” She wipes her eyes again.
	“Mother, are you—”
	“I’m quite alright, truly. Your dance was just…very lovely.” She smiles at me and I return it. “But Freya! You look exhausted. Go get something to drink before you faint!”
	I smile sheepishly at her, wave at Loki, then hurry to the drink section of the table. My smile widens when I realize Lifa is standing there, pouring some light reddish drink into a cup.
	“Lifa!” I say, coming to stand behind her.
	Lifa turns, her braid flying away from her back. “Oh, Freya! This is marvelous. I have never danced so much in all my life!”
	“Me either,” I say, eyeing the weird colored liquids in the fancy pitchers.
	“And your dance. That was the most beautiful performance I have ever seen.” She puts her cup down so she can squeal without spilling anything. “When did you plan it? When did you decide to get picked up? That was my favorite part—when your dress just— Oh! It was lovely, you should have seen…though, how could you? But—Freya! It just floated! It was like there was no gravity. Only, you were the only one experiencing it!”
	I laugh a little.
	“We never planned anything,” I say, laughing more when her mouth drops. “It was all spontaneous. Loki even forgot to tell me we had our own dance until right before it happened.”
	“Really?”
	I nod.
	“Valhalla’s name,” she breaths. “One would never have guessed.”
	“I’m glad you couldn’t see the terror I was in when he lifted me,” I say. “But I was sent over here because apparently I look like I might faint. What colorful drink do you suggest?”
	Lifa recommends the light reddish one she is drinking and a white, milky pearlescent one. I take her first suggestion as the drink resembles watered down Kool-Aid which is much less threatening. It tastes like peaches.
	We sit down together at a table and watch as a semicircle forms around Loki and Frigga. They start out differently than Loki and I did: Loki holds Frigga’s hand out at arm’s length then bows and stays there. The Allmother curtsies and lowers her head, sweeping her arm out to her side. A short moment passes of them posing like this, their positions growing more and more uncomfortable looking, and then the music begins. Instead of starting out slower like our dance did, the musicians jump right into a lively pace. Loki places his right palm against Frigga’s right palm and they begin walking in a circle, switching directions every now and then. When the music quickens, Frigga places her hand on her son’s shoulder and they twirl, spin and skip around the room. The song gets even faster and everyone around us starts clapping. Lifa and I join in, smiling at each other and at Loki and his mother. 
	For another hour or so, I talk to Lifa. We go get some food; I try more Asgardian pastries. Loki comes over eventually. He sits with us and we chat lightly. Loki and Lifa are still awkward around each other, so we talk about the current state of affairs—something I don’t really know much about—and about the Bifrost, force field and Malekith—things I only have limited knowledge about. 
	There’s another call for dancing, and so Loki and I get up, followed by Lifa. We dance for probably another hour, if not longer. Some of the songs are slow, most are lively, and after the fifteenth or sixteenth fast-paced song, my feet are numb, and pain shoots up my legs whenever I move. I fall against Loki’s shoulder and he laughs.
	“Tired, my love?” he asks, wrapping his arm around my waist to help me to a table.
	“Yes.” I suck in a breath when yet another shot of pain travels up from my feet. “Very much so—ouch, shit.”
	“Once you can move again,” he laughs, and I glare at him halfheartedly, “would you like to go for a walk?” He holds my hand and I sit. “Just the two of us?”
	“Yes,” I say, smiling now, as Loki raises my knuckles to his lips. “I would like that very much.”

Chapter 29

	Loki and I walk out of the Ballroom, waving final goodbyes to Frigga, Thor, and Lifa. Once the doors have closed, Loki takes my hand and pulls me to the left, the direction opposite to the one Frigga, Lifa, Toril and I took to get here. We walk in silence, small, matching grins on our faces. Slowly, I realize the hall we are walking down is getting darker. The walls are still gold, and tapestries still hang. There is still light emanating from the source I have yet to find, except now it seems muffled, as if I’m looking at everything through dark gauze. I glance over my shoulder, looking behind me. The Ballroom doors are still visible but, as I watch, they shimmer, and it is at this shimmer that the light shifts most drastically. Looking forward again, I frown and look up at Loki.
	Knowing the question I haven’t asked yet, he says, “We are in a short cut I created when I was quite young. It leads back to the parts of the palace you are familiar with. If you are this confused, then obviously my mother is still unaware of its existence.”
	“You made this?” I ask, looking around me again. This time, I notice how the golden walls shimmer, how the tapestries don’t look as real as they did before, how the light seems to come in slow waves. I reach my hand out and drag a finger across the wall. It ripples and hisses, and I jump back. Loki laughs.
	“My love, what were you expecting?”
	“I don’t know,” I say, “but it wasn’t that.” 
	Looking down, I watch the floor ripple away from our feet, like water.
	“So, uh…” I say, letting out a laugh, “where exactly are we, again?”
	Loki smiles, looking proud that his short cut is baffling me so much.
	“When I was a child, I got lost,” he begins. “I was running through the palace, away from Thor. I believe we were playing some sort of chasing game with Sif and the others—but that is not important now. I was in a part of the castle I had never been in before—I didn’t realize that’s where the Ballroom was until later—and I was scared; no one could hear me calling for them. By that point my mother had started teaching me some magic, which included teleportation. However, I was not comfortable with the feeling it created—”
	“Hmm,” I mutter dryly, “I wonder why.”
	Loki laughs, mouth paused around his next word. “Puzzling, isn’t it? Now, as I was saying, because I did not enjoy teleporting, I decided to make a physical passageway back to where I had last seen Thor. I did not intend for it to be permanent; however, it became so. After that night, we used it as a means of hiding from parents, instructors, those looking for us for one reason or another.”
	“This is very detailed for a whatever-year-old kid you were,” I say.
	“I was very skilled,” he says. 
	“No kidding,” I say. He smirks, not saying anything for a moment.
	“Ah,” he finally says, “here we are.”
	We walk out of the magical hallway and into one I recognize. Immediately, everything regains its normal brightness, the walls are unmuffled gold, the tapestry across from us looks like it wouldn’t ripple if I touched it. I blink to get used to the light and turn to look behind us. But when I look at the place we had come from, all I see is a very solid wall. When I touch it, it’s hard, the only sign it isn’t normal being a very faint hiss in response to my hand.
	After half-smiling-half-frowning at young Loki’s genius, I look around, trying to figure out exactly where the hall has brought us.
	“Library’s that way?” I ask, pointing to our right.
	“Yes,” Loki says, following my finger with his eyes. “I am glad your sense of direction has not failed you.”
	“And I,” I say as we turn to the left, the direction of our rooms, “am glad your sense of sarcasm has not failed you.”
	“Are you truly?” he starts but is unable to continue as Volstagg walks around the corner ahead of us. He is followed by Hogun, three other warriors I have never seen before, and Fandral, who has his arms around two women.
	“Loki!” Volstagg bellows, waving at us with the bottle he is holding. Liquid sloshes from the spout onto his hand and from the deep flush covering his cheeks, it’s obviously alcohol, and obviously not his first bottle. “My dear Lady Freya! My friends, how are you both this fine night?”
	“Well, thank you,” I say. “And you?”
	“I am quite well—more than well!” He turns to Loki, clapping him on the shoulder. I take a few steps back, holding out my hands as the force sends Loki stumbling into me. “My apologies.” He waits for Loki to regain his balance before continuing. “My old friend, you missed the most wonderful of hunts!”
	“My old…friend,” Loki says, sounding unsure if he should be calling him that, “there was a Ball held in my honor. It would have been very rude of me not to attend.”
	“Ah, yes, of course,” Volstagg says. “In fact, that is where we are all heading, isn’t it gentlemen—and ladies?” he yells. 
	Everyone cheers. Loki and I glance at each other, wearing matching looks of skepticism.
	“But you two,” Volstagg continues. “Where are you going? The night is still young, and the party is behind you, is it not?”
	“Er, well” —I look at the section of wall we had come out of— “yes, but—”
	“Why don’t we walk there together? There is food to be eaten, more drink to be had!”
	“I am sorry, Volstagg, but that is where we have just left. Freya has danced to her heart’s content and wishes to go for a walk—just the two of us, I might add.” At this, Loki lets go of my hand and puts his arm around my shoulders, pulling me close enough to press a kiss against my temple. He smiles at me briefly, then returns his gaze to Volstagg and the six others who stand in front of us.
	“Well, in that case,” Volstagg says, eyebrows raised at me, looking impressed, “we will continue on without you.” He looks past us, at the wall we had just exited. 
	“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” Loki says, turning Volstagg’s attention back to us.
	“You wouldn’t?”
	“No, good Volstagg, I would not.” Loki drops his arm and places his hand on Volstagg’s back. “Because you will not be joining the festivities—not in your current state, that is. There are places to celebrate your success, but as a ball is not one of these locations, I suggest you find somewhere else.” Loki leads Volstagg past his companions, and back the way they had come, motioning for me to follow them. “You may all come as well,” Loki says, meeting each pair of eyes individually; they do. I follow close behind, confused by the lack of protesting. 
	“Oh, Loki,” I hear Volstagg say, “your silver tongue will never turn to lead!”
	As we pass Fandral, he removes an arm from one woman’s shoulders and gives me a sweeping but unsteady bow. “M’lady Freya,” he says. When he straightens, he steps toward me. I feel my breath catch in a nervous knot at the base of my stomach as I remember our past, uncomfortable encounters. At first, he doesn’t do anything, just watches Loki as he gets further and further away. When he’s sure Loki is out of earshot, he speaks again. “Freya.” There is no hint of a slur, no edge in his voice brought on by alcohol. “Freya, be wary.”
	“W-what?” 
	He takes me by my shoulders. “I said be wary; stay alert. Something is not right—if Thor knows, then Odin, he won’t—”
	“Fandral,” Volstagg calls, laughing. “I do not believe you will be able to woo her, especially now. And besides, you have two lovely lasses waiting for you, quite impatiently I may add.”
	Fandral lets his hands drop, giving me a stern look, before turning to Volstagg, all smiles. “She has evaded my attempts yet again. I suppose I must forsake this quest.” He gives me another bow. “M’lady, it has been a pleasure to be denied by you.” He turns away from me and jogs to catch up to his friends, just as unsteady as he had been before speaking. They all begin talking and laughing loudly again. As they turn the corner, they start singing—it’s all in Norse but nevertheless it sounds like a drinking song—then they are gone, leaving Loki and me alone in the corridor.
	I haven’t moved since Fandral spoke to me. I feel frozen, rooted to the spot, as my brain turns over and over what he just said.
	Be wary. Of what? Of Odin? I’ve always been wary of Odin, seeing as he’s kind of hated me since I got here. But it seemed like he had changed his mind about me. Even if he hadn’t, though, why would he hate me more? 
	Then a terrible thought crosses my mind. And before I can shake it off as impossible, it’s stuck. 
	What if he plans on handing me over to the Dark Elves? Just to get rid of me and get Asgard out of Malekith’s radar permanently? 
	But he couldn’t. He promised to protect me no matter where I am. Thor did—they all did. And Thor; what does Thor have to do with any of it? Why wouldn’t he have told me what Odin planned? Why was it Fandral. Of all the people I have met, why was it Fandral?
	“Freya?” Loki says. He takes my hands in his and squeezes them. I jump a little; I was so lost in thought that I hadn’t see him walk over. “Freya, what’s wrong?” His eyebrows are furrowed and behind the concern in his eyes, he looks suspicious. “What did he say to you?”
	“He said, ‘be wary,’” I say. “He told me to be wary and to stay alert.”
	“Be wary?” Loki repeats. “Of what? Of me?” His voice thickens.
	I shake my head. “No, no, not of you. I don’t know: he didn’t really say. He said that—” I pause, trying to sort out exactly what Fandral had said and what he hadn’t.
	“What did he say, Freya?” Loki says. Now his voice is stone.
	“He said that something isn’t right,” I say. “And that, um…if Thor knows then Odin won’t something… that he won’t let Thor tell me? I don’t know. That’s where he stopped.” I wait for him to say something, but all he does is frown and stare at something just over my head. His eyes then trail down, finding mine again.
	“Do you know anything?” I ask, hesitantly.
	Loki shakes his head and stays quiet for several more seconds. I’m about to speak again when I see one of his eyebrows raise almost imperceptibly, like he’s surprised by something, something about me.
	“What is it?” I ask.
	“I…do not fully know,” he says slowly. “But I will speak with Fandral, with Thor, and try to get something more from them.”
	“Okay.”
	“So, for now,” he says, taking my hand again, “we shall continue. And try to not worry about what Fandral said—at least not tonight.” He places his hand against my cheek, tilting my chin up—I have unconsciously lowered my gaze to the floor. “If anyone merely thinks of harming you, I promise they will be quite sorry.” 
	“Thank you, Loki,” I say.
	“Of course, my love.” He presses his lips against my forehead. “Of course.” 
	I close my eyes, smiling. My love.
	“But now, I suppose we must carry on with our walk,” he says. 
	“I suppose we must,” I say, picking my skirt up with my free hand so that I can walk faster.
	“And where does my Lady Freya wish to go?”

* * *

	After telling Loki to choose where we walk—it is his birthday after all—we walk through my room and down the stairs outside to the path that leads to the pavilion and magic flowers.
	“Wait, hold on just a minute,” I say at the head of the path, letting go of his hand. “I have to go get something.” I hoist my skirts up then run back up the stairs to my room. It takes me a minute to remember where I put my phone, but then I fumble through my bag, grab the device, and run to rejoin Loki.
	“What did you—?”
	I’m breathing too heavily to speak, so in response, I wave my phone at him, then lean my head against his chest as I catch my breath.
	“Ah yes,” he says, chuckling above me, “the object that contains Midgardian music…Are-are you alright?” I can hear the smile in his voice.
	I take his hand again, giving it a light squeeze. “Mmmhmm.” We start walking again. “And one would call the object a phone,” I say, grinning.
	“Well…this phone, I suspect, will be playing music again this evening?”
	“If you want it to.”
	“And if I want you to dance with me?” His voice is a whisper, a breeze, a smile and it sends tingles running down my cheeks.
	“Then I will dance with you.” My words sound muffled through my heart beating in my ears.
	“Really? Oh, but I thought you were done for tonight?”
	“When we dance later, we will be doing it Midgardian style,” I say, my heart slowing down. “So there will not be as much moving.”
	Loki moves so that he is in front of me, walking backwards, holding both of my hands now. He pouts. “My love,” his voice is a fake whine, “Midgardian dancing is so boring.”
	“Maybe it is," I say, speeding up so I’m closer to him. “But if we dance that way, then” —I take his hands and place them against my lower back— “then we get to dance this close the entire time.” I wrap my arms around his neck, pressing myself against him, trying not to stumble (walking and hugging is hard).
	Loki begins to turn, and we slowly spin down the path. I put one hand on the back of his head and gently pull his ear to my lips, whispering, “The entire time.” I kiss his ear lobe and smile at the shiver it sends through his body.
	Pulling away from him, I smile wider when I see just how far up his eyebrows have climbed.
	“Yeah?” I ask.
	He nods.
	“Okay.” I spin out of his arms and twirl down the path, moving fast enough that when his arm wraps around my waist, catching me before my dizziness sends me tumbling, we have reached the clearing.
	Before us is the pond, the bridges, the magical flowers with their glowing balls of light.
	I drop my shoes at the entrance and pull Loki over a bridge to the pavilion. There, I turn on my phone, pick my slow dance playlist and shuffle the music. As a mellow rock song begins, melding quietly with the light breeze and the bubbling of the stream that meets the pond, Loki puts his arms around my waist. I’m so close that I have to crane my neck to look at him.
	“Did you—” we both start at the same time.
	“You begin,” Loki says, swaying us in a slow circle.
	I readjust my hands behind his neck and put my cheek against his chest before continuing. “I was just going to ask if you had a good birthday.”
	“Yes." He smiles quietly. “Perhaps the best birthday I have had in…a very, very long time.”
	I smile. “Good.”
	“And did you,” he says, resting his chin lightly on the top of my head, “enjoy the ball. It was your first, was it not?”
	“I enjoyed it very much,” I say. “And yes, it was. We don’t have those on Earth anymore, really.”
	“Anymore?” I feel him frown. “Why forsake something so enjoyable?”
	I shrug awkwardly. “Class status has changed since the…er…olden days. When there were nobles and kings and queens and stuff there were balls, I think. But those types of people don't really exist anymore, at least not where I’m from, anyway, in the northeast.  I mean, we have proms, but they’re nothing like…”
	My voice dwindles off as the song changes to something slightly faster; we sway to match the beat.
	“The northeast,” Loki says.
	“Yes,” I say. “The northeastern United States. Um…Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Vermont… um…” I look at him.
	“New York,” he says. His eyes flick away from mine. He lets go of me and turns his head to look at the trees, the pavilion, the flowers, the stream and the rocks that lie in it. He turns his head to look everywhere but at me.
	“Yeah.” I wait for him to meet my gaze, but when he doesn’t, I say, “But, Loki, remember what I said about everything—that happened?” I take his face in my hands and make him look at me. “Do you remember?” My thumbs unconsciously move against his cheeks. 
	His hands find mine, pressing them against his face harder as he wraps his long fingers around mine. His eyes soften, and he nods slightly. Tears threaten, but then he blinks and his entire expression changes. Suddenly there is no glisten in his eyes; the softness is still there, but it doesn’t cover anything. He pulls my hands from his cheeks and dips me just as the song playing from my speakers ends.
	“You know,” he says, his tone back to normal, “I quite like this music we are dancing to.”
	“Do you…?” I say, frowning. “What…uh, what happened just now?”
	He pulls me up, holding my hand out to the side like we are going to waltz. We don’t. Instead we continue spinning and swaying. He’s really got a knack for Midgardian dancing (then again, it isn’t very hard).
	“I thought we were not to talk about heavy or unpleasant subjects on this night, for it is my day of birth, after all.”
	“But—” I don’t know why I’m protesting so much; maybe it’s because I’ve never seen Loki let something go so quickly and so easily.
	“But what, my love?” he asks. “We went to a ball, we are in a magical clearing. The wind is blowing in the trees, the stream is…babbling” —I laugh— “and strange, but pleasant Midgardian music is playing. If you wish to worry about New York, about Fandral, about Thor, Malekith, my father, then do so. However, I do not wish that. And you have made it abundantly clear that I decide what superfluous things we do since it is, again, my day of birth.”
	“Well,” I say, “I guess I can’t argue with that.”
	“I think not.” He spins me under his arm multiple times, stopping me in another dip. 
	I raise my hand as far up as I can, trying to twirl him under my arm. I have to let go of his hand so he can spin fully. When he does, he gives me a bow. I curtsy and for the next hour or so, we dance, talk, and laugh. 
	When a particularly fast song ends, we sit down on one of the benches attached to the pavilion’s railing. Loki puts his arm around my waist. I rest my head against his shoulder, letting my breathing slow. The breeze, the bubbling of water, and the music, mixed with the safety I feel from Loki holding me, makes me feel tired; my eyes have just flutter closed when I realize something. My eyes fly open and I jump up. Loki is watching me, a mixture of concern and confusion pulling his eyebrows down.
	I turn to look at him. “Loki, I-I missed my birthday.”
	Taking a breath, I try to calm the sudden bout of panic. I was feeling so safe… My breathing is quickening, chasing after my heart as it tries to pound its way out of my chest. I’ve been here for so long… I cover my face with my hands, trying to use my palms as makeshift hyperventilation bags. Everyone probably thinks I’m dead. I feel myself crumpling, falling in slow motion to the ground.
	Then Loki is there. Loki is holding me up. Loki is pulling my hands away from my face. Loki completely covers them with his. Loki is holding my gaze with his beautiful, ever-shifting eyes. 
	“Freya, what do you wish for?”
	“W-what?” 
	He wipes a tear from my cheek, then puts his hand back on top of mine.
	“Now, we are celebrating your day of birth as well. So, what do you wish for?”
	I shake my head, sucking in another breath, trying to memorize his eyes, his nose, his cheeks, his lips… “I don’t wish for anything—everything is perfect.”
	“Obviously that is not true,” he says, smirking at my eye roll. “There must be something—think.”
	I frown, trying to think of something. What could I possibly want, here, on Asgard? 
	I’ve been here for so long. I shake the thought away. 
	They have none of the Earthly foods I’ve been craving: ice-cream, pizza, veggie burgers, ravioli, literally anything potato-based. I think through everything I have wanted while here: to leave, of course; but also for Loki to help open the Bifrost, for Odin to stop hating me so much, for some explanation as to what the hell is going on, to not be afraid Loki will strangle me when I went to talk to him, to know about his Jotunheim side.
	I raise my eyes from where they’ve wandered to a magic flower, and see Loki waiting patiently.
	“Yes?" he asks.
	My eyes flick to his left arm before I can stop them and when I look up again, he is watching me with fear and something that verges on anger in his eyes. 
	“I do not want to frighten you,” he murmurs. He backs away from me, but his eyes have not left mine. “I—cannot—frighten you.” His words are a choke.
	“You won’t,” I say. He shakes his head. “You will not frighten me, not anymore, never again.” I step close to him. He has turned slightly away from me, fists clenched, jaw set, body ridged. “Never.” When I reach my hand out to take his, he flinches. “You do not have to, Loki,” I say. “But I promise—never.”
	He turns away from me, facing the trees.
	“L—” He cuts me off with a raised hand; it’s blue and I can just make out raised markings traveling down from his arm, swooping in small arcs over his skin. Then he turns, and my breath catches in my throat.
	The first thing I notice is the color of his eyes—the color that used to mean danger—and as I watch, closer now than before, I see his irises shift. The whites of his eyes have taken on a red hue, but his irises seem the same, though a different color—the red shifts darker and almost envelopes his pupils. His face is blue—the color blue of the water that surrounds a sun beam, the deep, icy, shining blue of a glacier. Across his forehead are more raised lines. Two swoop an inch or so above his eyebrows, just avoiding the symmetrical lines that rise from them into his hair line. More raised markings cross his cheeks, accentuating his cheek bones, his smile lines. Still more trail over his chin, underlining his lips, disappearing before they reach his neck. 
	The shirt he wears under his coat-cloak has been undone down to the center of his chest, and as he goes to remove the cloak, the light from the flowers catches the markings that trail from either side of his neck and connect to ones just visible above the shirt.
	“Oh, Loki,” I gasp. “Oh—” I can’t finish because my eyes start over, following each line as far as they can before they reach clothing. I cover my mouth for a moment. “Loki—it’s—you’re— You are—” I shake my head, fumbling for the right word. “Loki, you are exquisite.” The word comes out barely formed, and I laugh a little. 
	Now it’s Loki’s turn to shake his head. His crimson eyes glisten and flash a bright green that would have been missed had I blinked. But I don’t think I have blinked since he turned around.
	I step closer to him. Taking his arms that are still covered by sleeves, I move them, so I can look at his hands more closely. My fingers hover over them, tracing the markings in the air, following their unseen path to the part of his chest that is uncovered. There, I move my hands away and look up at him. His eyes are half closed as he watches me.
	I take one more step towards him. If I leaned my head down, it would touch his chest. I raise my hand, only one this time, and move it up to his cheek.	
	“Don’t,” he hisses. “Do not touch me. I do not want to hurt you.”
	My hand is a few centimeters from his skin and is growing cooler the longer it sits there. I move it closer and now my skin tingles. Warmth blossoms in my chest, the feeling I get when I’m about to use magic; I frown.
	“Freya, please.” His voice is pained, and his eyes are closed.
	“I-I think it’s going to be okay,” I murmur as I touch his cheek with the tips of my fingers. 
	I’m not entirely sure what Loki was expecting to happen but when I touch him, his eyes open. He takes a breath, like he’s going to answer my question, but instead an arm is wrapped around my waist, a hand is pressed against the back of my neck, my feet lift off the ground as Loki pulls my lips to his. And we are kissing. Finally, we are kissing.
	I wrap my arms around his neck, using one hand to push his head closer to me. But we are already so close that all this does is press his nose harder into my cheek. His breaths hit my skin quickly and, in response, my heartbeat speeds up and I feel my whole being pulsing. My lips, my neck, my back, everywhere that Loki touches pulses.
	His lips are tinged with Frost Giant cold, but they slowly grow warmer, softer, and the hands on my body follow. And when he shifts his grip around me, his arm sends burning tingles racing up and down my back. I feel my whole body grow weak; if he lets go of me now, I would drop through the floor of the pavilion. Or maybe I’d float through the ceiling. 
	Ever so slowly, Loki begins to lower me back down. Not yet, my mind screams. Just a little longer. But when my feet touch the ground, we pull away from each other at almost the same instant. He presses his forehead against mine and, eyes still closed, we hold each other, letting our breathing slow and our hearts return to our chests.
	After what feels like an eternity, I shiver and open my eyes. Loki’s skin is back to the color I’m used to, his eyes are blue-green and watching me, and no more raised marks swoop across his skin.
	I shiver again, this time feeling goosebumps prickle over my arms and legs. The breeze had picked up and is now bending the tops of the trees and sending loose tendrils of hair sailing over my face.
	“Cold?” Loki murmurs, voice noticeably lower.
	I nod. 
	Loki takes a step away from me to retrieve his cloak. “Then perhaps it is time we returned to the castle.” He puts his cloak around my shoulders and, hand in hand, we start off down the path.
Chapter 30

	The next morning, I wake up early, unable to sleep with the memory of last night’s kiss twirling around my brain… along with the intense urge to kiss Loki again. With fireworks in my stomach and a giant, probably idiotic-looking smile plastered to my face, I get up to open the curtains. Hazy light fills my room, glowing gently off the gold and marble and sending speckles of yellow and waves of white dancing over my walls.
	I pull on some soft, slipper-like shoes, wrap myself in a robe, and exit my room. Outside the hall is quiet, allowing for never-before heard sounds to make their way to my ears. In some place far away people move about, their distant footsteps reaching me in small clusters of five or six. I get a brief whiff of something cooking: breakfast, I assume. Other than that, however, there’s silence, the kind that only sleeping people can create.
	I turn right and begin to walk, not entirely sure where I’m headed. The always-emanating light matches the misty, morning-yellow that filters through the occasional windows. When I pass a tall, thin one, I peer outside. Despite the morning light, the plants and trees and pathways are all in shadow, as if whatever sun or star that rises and sets hasn’t fully risen. Birds that look like huge cranes fly high overhead, silhouettes against the deep blue-lemon yellow gradient of the sky. A different bird, this one much smaller than those flying hundreds of feet above, darts from an unseen tree or roof and alights on a maple-like tree branch a few feet from the window. It’s about the size of a robin but is a stark white. As it hops around, I squint at it. For a second, I think I see it sparkle, but surely even Asgard couldn’t produce sparkling animals. Probably. Then again…it does have crystalline flowers…and magic. So, what do I know?
	The bird jumps and flutters to a branch that’s closer to the window. Now it’s only a foot or so away, I can see that the sparkles I saw were caused by the sun hitting its feathers, which are shiny; some of them are silver. It pecks its way down the bark searching for food, looking more like a woodpecker than a robin now. Then suddenly it stops. But it doesn’t just stop. The bird freezes, head down, beak against the wood. Then slowly, slower than a bird should move, it raises its head towards me and focuses its dark, golden eyes on mine. I jump away from the window, letting out a small cry of surprise that echoes loudly down the quiet hallway. 
	“What the hell,” I whisper, creeping back up to the window. The bird hasn’t moved. It is still staring at me. I crouch down a little in order to meet its gaze at eye level. And it blinks. Do birds blink? “What the hell?” I repeat, this time louder. The bird cocks its head at me, gold eyes shining in a way a normal bird’s eyes shouldn’t shine. It blinks again, seems to narrow its eyes at me, then flies away. I stare at the branch for a moment, wondering what I just witnessed. 
	Making a mental note to ask Loki if that’s how Asgardian “white robin-peckers” normally act, I turn slowly from the window and carry on down the hall. I come to a bend in the hall and, after shooting one last glance at the window, I turn the corner.
	From down different hallways come the sounds of voices. People are finally moving around, but I don’t meet anyone until I’m in a part of the castle that has a lot of decorations all over the walls. It takes me a moment to realize that the decorations aren’t the normal tapestries or elegant creations that hang elsewhere. These decorations are paintings, drawings and what look like prints, and some of them are not very good. In fact, the art gets gradually worse the farther I walk. It dawns on me where I must be when a little child rushes past me, carrying a brown fabric sack—from the pointed edges and the thumping, it has to be filled with books. Behind me, a door opens, framed with solidly mediocre (or really good, depending on how young the person who created them was) drawings of Asgardian shaped fruits and vegetables. A woman’s voice echoes shrilly in Norse. The child yells back and I turn to watch him run past the woman and into a room full of other children who are sitting at tables.
	I’m walking through a part of the castle that is obviously a school. 
	I pass more rooms, almost all with open doors. Inside some of them are children who look older than the one who passed me, and in others are children who look younger. But all of them are sitting at tables, looking toward the front of their rooms, from which I can hear either a man or a woman instructing in Norse.
	At a fork in the hallway, I take a left. Here, for about 20 yards, the walls are made entirely of windows. To my right I see gardens and pathways, and, far off to my left, the sea. Pushed against a section of the windows on the left are two chairs, a table, and a small bookcase overflowing with books. Delighted, I sit in the chair that faces the way I have come and, leaning over, I skim the titles for anything I can understand. The third book on the second shelf has the word Midgard on the spine, so I pull it out. Straightening, I mentally cross my fingers and open it to the first page. Every word there—except for a few handwritten notes—is in English. I begin reading. 
	Somewhere, through one of the windows, a breeze blows. It sends tendrils of my hair fluttering over my face and brings with it the smell of flowers and grass. A bird flies past me, making my muscles tense and my breath catch in my chest. It chirps to three more that follow it; all four of them are brown. I pull my hair behind my ear, blowing air through puffed cheeks and slightly parted lips. For a while I sit, trying to focus on reading, wondering why the white bird acted the way it did, and wishing I had grabbed a hair tie before leaving my room.
	Behind me, where the walls go back to normal, I hear a door creak open. Someone walks out; I hear a yawn, and when I glance back, I gasp.
	It’s Fandral.
	“You have got to be kidding me,” I mutter, all thoughts of white and silver birds with gold eyes leaving my head. Slapping the book closed and standing, I run at him. He barely has enough time to finish buttoning his shirt before I’m in his face, waving the book threateningly a few inches from his throat.
	“What the hell, Fandral?” I yell.
	“Good morning,” he says, eyeing my hand. He takes half a step back, pushes the book down with two fingers, and smiles. “You are up early. I thought you and Loki would be sleeping in after a night of—”
	“Shut up!” I shove him through a doorway and into what appears to be a small sitting room. I glance back up and down the hall before closing the door behind us, then I turn on him again. 
	He is frowning at me slightly. “I will wager a guess this interrogatory manner is in regard to what I said last night.”
	“Wow, how on earth did you deduce that?” I say. Then, “What the hell were you talking about? Be wary? Stay alert? What the hell?”
	“There have been meetings you have not been informed of,” he says, surprising me with his sudden frankness.
	“What?” The book almost falls out of my hand.
	“Odin has been holding Council Meetings and purposely excluding you and your new…beau.” He raises his hand when I open my mouth. “Oh, no. You are good for him, therefore, I approve.”
	“I wasn’t going to say anything about Loki. And I don’t need your approval,” I say, rolling my eyes, annoyed that a blush has spread over my cheeks and ears. Fandral is talking again.
	“Of course, the meetings have been about various topics,” he moves a hand nonchalantly through the air, “although the ones I think you would find most interesting were about you, and Malekith; the Infinity Stones; and your connection to them.”
	“My what?” I cry. “Odin is still talking about my connection to the important singularities that were created at the start of the Universe, but he doesn’t think I should be there?” I stare at Fandral, trying to see if what he is saying is at all a joke, but his face is impassive; there’s no smile, no hint of a flirt anywhere in his demeanor. “We’re back here—all the way to square one—again?”
	“Yes,” is all he says, “though I do not know this square you speak of.” He pauses. “Oh yes, also: Odin wishes for you to visit Eir.” He goes over to the door and opens it, motioning for me to exit. 
	“And I’m sure he expects me to just know that without having gone to any of the meetings.” I walk out and, together, Fandral and I begin walking back in the direction of my room.
	Fandral smiles. “Not quite. He asked me to inform you. He would have had Thor do it, but the Allfather assumed Thor would tell you more than he should. I suppose he didn’t expect me to say anything, seeing as Odin fully knows your distaste for me.” 
	“Yeah, about that,” I say. “Why are you telling me all this? I’ve denied all of your attempts at…well, at anything, and I thought that would bring about a distaste for me in you. So…”
	“So?”
	I roll my eyes again. “So,” I wave my hand in small circles, still holding the book, trying to reemphasize my first question. “Why are you telling me all this?”
	He looks at me for a split second, then faces the way we are walking, not saying anything.
	I groan, throwing my head back to look at the ceiling. “Why won’t anyone give me a straight answer about anything? I don’t get it! Everything would go a lot better if I was informed. Right? I mean, you’d think, wouldn’t you? Since everything seems to lead back to me for some stupid reason.” I rub my eyes and pinch the bridge of my nose. Am I starting to get Loki habits? “God!” I cry. “This is all so…impossible. Everything that’s happening to me shouldn’t be happening to me—I’m in a movie, or a book, I swear. GOD!” This time I shout the word as loudly as I can at the ceiling. It echoes in either direction, coming back to me quieter and quieter. God god god.
	“Why me, though, huh? Why am I here? Out of all the humans on my goddamned planet, why ME?”
	“What?” Fandral asks, frowning.
	“I know you heard me.” I rub my face. I’m annoyed, but at least he’s not trying to get me into bed with him. “Are you going to answer my question?”
	“Yes,” he says. 
	I blink at him.
	“But only because what you just said is incorrect.”
	“Yeah? And how do you mean?” I cross my arms, bouncing the book against my side.
	He stops walking and turns to me. I stop too, but don’t unfold my arms; in fact, I fold them tighter, pressing my forearms hard against my ribs, trying to contain the sense of panic that comes with not knowing anything—anything. 
	Well, that’s not true. I know I saw a really weird bird, and I know that Loki likes me enough to kiss me.
	“To begin with,” Fandral says, “this is not just happening to you. Do not be so self-centered and naive. All of Asgard is on guard because no one knows when Malekith will be back. Those who live too far out of the palace’s circle to be aware of what has transpired here have only the fear of rumors. And rumors have a way of changing into something much worse than the truth that sparks them.”
	“Are you saying this is my fault?” I ask, trying as hard as I can to keep what composure I have left.
	“Of course, I am.”
	I feel my mouth drop open and for a minute or two, I can’t speak. When I try, all I can sputter is, “What the actual hell—”
	“Freya,” Fandral says, cutting me off, “in Odin’s name, calm down. What I mean is this: it is your fault, but you, of course, did not intend for it to be your fault.”
	“So, it’s…not my fault that it’s my fault.” 
	“Yes, I suppose that would have been an easier way to put it. However, let me continue. The Infinity Stones have been around, as you know, forever. Beings have been in search of them forever; beings have tried to wield them forever. Nothing that is happening now is new. Now Malekith is looking for something, and it so happens that you are the one he needs to get it.” He starts walking again and I follow.
	“Wait,” I say, hurrying to catch up to him. “You didn’t say why this is all my fault.”
	“Did I not?”
	“No.”
	“I am sure there are many other Midgardians with suppressed and unknown magical abilities. Malekith picked you; you are now on Asgard, and Malekith wants you back. If someone else were chosen by the Dark Elf, it would be their fault Asgard and its people are caught up in this. However, like I said, Malekith chose you. While you did not ask for him to choose you, he did; therefore, it is your fault.”
	“Oh.”	
	For a while, we are silent, the only noise being our echoing footsteps. With a sigh, I force myself to mull over all that he’s said.
	Odin wants me to go to Eir. Or…maybe Eir is the one who wants me to see her. That could be. I’d rather go there because she wants me to than because Odin wants me to. And what more does he have to say about me and the Infinity Stones? What more could they possibly—
	“Why,” I begin, slowly breaking apart the silence, “Why did you tell me to be wary and to stay alert last night? What do I have to be wary of—I mean, obviously Malekith, but I don’t need anyone telling me to be wary of him; the memories are enough. And has he said any more about how I’m wrapped up with the Infinity Stones? Or why I have to go see Eir?” 
	“No,” Fandral answers, skipping over my first question. “I am sorry to say that he does not know everything—”
	“Well, he sure likes to pretend he does,” I mutter.
	“—surrounding you and the Infinity Stones,” Fandral finishes before laughing. “It is all assumption, theory, speculation. And I do not know why you are to see Eir. I suppose it is important, however, or he would not have made someone tell you.”
	“Are you sure it’s not just Eir who wants me to go?”
	“Quite sure,” he says. “Odin was very adamant that you see her. Also, Eir was there.”
	“And she isn’t the one telling me because…?”
	“Because she does not approve of the way Odin is commanding you to do things. She made it clear that you must come of your own volition. Of course, someone had to tell you first and Eir has been busy tending to civilians and soldiers hurt in barbarian attacks.”
	I nod and loosen my grip on the book I somehow haven’t dropped once from shock. My knuckles are white. “Okay.” I take a breath and puff it through pursed lips, about to repeat my first question.
	“I do not know if telling you will help,” he continues, “but Frigga has not been informed of anything, either. She may know the Council has been meeting but she has not attended any of the Meetings.”
	“So Eir was there, but Odin’s own wife wasn’t.”
	“Yes. I, too, found it quite odd.”
	“Have you talked to her—to Frigga?” I ask, bouncing the book against my palm to let some blood reenter my fingers.
	“No.”
	“That would have been helpful,” I say.
	“I can see why he likes you.”
	“Yeah? And why’s that?”
	“You are both aggravatingly stubborn.”
	“Thanks,” I say. “Now, if you want to answer my first question, that’d be great.”
	“And it was?”
	“Why did you tell me to be wary? And alert? Why those words? Like wary—wary isn’t a word you usually use when you’re trying to tell someone to be aware of secret meetings happening behind your back. Wary is a word you’d use if the topics of the meetings could harm the person you’re talking to. I’d be wary if I was going to be snatched in the night and handed over to Malekith. I’d be wary if Odin had some malicious plan for getting me out of his hair. But, I’d be pissed if there were important meetings about me and I wasn’t invited. So, Fandral, what the hell do I have to be wary about? Is Odin going to give me over to Malekith?” 
	He opens his mouth to answer, his brows furrowed. “Well…no—no, of course not…not that.” 
	I raise my eyebrows at him, trying to figure out if all this is actually an elaborate prank. One would think he would have cracked by now, but one could never know, I suppose.
	Fandral closes his eyes for a moment and when he opens them, his gaze is stoney. I can see his jaw muscles tighten and relax as he clenches his teeth. 
	“Speak with Eir,” he says. “Then find me.” He starts walking again, leaving me to stare at the floor.
	“Why?” I ask, turning abruptly and running after him.
	“Because you must—and the sooner you do, the safer you’ll be.”
	“That’s not even a good answer to my question!” I yell as we round the corner to the hall that leads to my room.
	In front of us, Loki stands with his arm pressed just below Thor’s neck. They glare at each other, talking quietly. It’s not until we get closer that I can hear what they’re saying.
	“Odin thought it right to hide vital information from her again and you decided it best to listen to him?” Loki growls.
	“Of course, I didn’t!” Thor cries, throwing his brother away from him. But in the time it takes me to blink, Loki is back in his face and now his arm is against Thor’s throat.
	“You should have told me sooner. You should have told Freya,” Loki says. “Commanding her to go to Eir with no hint as to why is not the best solution to this problem.”
	“And you know the best solution to problems, Loki?” Thor asks. “You who felt so rejected by father that you resorted to dropping yourself into the dark abyss of space?”
	I stop walking and stare at them. Loki dropped himself into space? Thor didn’t mention that part when he first told me about his brother. He only said he fell; falling and letting yourself drop to what you think is certain death are two vastly different things.
	“You didn’t happen to tell Loki of what I said last night, did you?” Fandral murmurs, breaking me away from my unhappy thoughts.
	“Y-yes.” I clear my throat. “Yeah, I did,” I say, turning to look at him. “Is that a problem, Fandral?”
	He sighs at me. “It does not matter now.”
	I turn back to Loki and Thor just as Loki’s fingers become tinged blue.
	“Loki, stop!” I run to him and wrap my hands around his bicep. He turns on me, mouth open to probably yell at or insult whoever is holding him, but when he realizes it’s me, he presses his lips together.
	The book nearly slips from where it’s wedged in my armpit, but Loki catches it. He glances at it and I see a look of recognition flash through his eyes, but then it's gone as his gaze settles on Fandral.
	“You’ve told her, then?”
	“Yes,” Fandral says. “And, of course, she’s told you.”
	“Of course,” Loki says, his voice silky.
	“Has Thor informed you of everything?”
	“If by ‘everything’ you mean all he is willing to tell me,” Loki says, his voice ice, “then yes. Everything.”
	He glances at me then turns his gaze back to the warrior. I frown at him and he either doesn’t see it or ignores it.
	“Thor did not tell you all that has transpired?” Fandral says.
	Loki smiles, his eyes closing a split second longer than a blink. “No.”
	“No, Fandral, I did not,” Thor says. “Loki was the one who came to me with inquiries and assumptions and—”
	“And nothing,” Loki says. “Odin has been holding Council Meetings behind Freya’s back—I was correct on that account. Anything else I may have asked you has been kindly left up to speculation on my part.” He takes a step away from Thor towards my bedroom door and gives me a look like he wants to leave. “I see you have a bit of reading, my love.”
	I nod slowly.
	“I neither accepted nor denied his assumptions because I wish to remain a part of the meetings,” Thor continues, “so that, when the time is right, I can tell both Loki and Freya all that I know. If I tell them now, Odin will figure it out and I will therefore no longer be permitted to attend the meetings. And where would that leave us?”
	“With a little more information than we started with, which would be quite helpful,” Loki says. “But now I believe it’s time for us to leave.”
	I raise my eyebrows at Loki, trying to ask him, “What?” 
	He shakes his head almost imperceptibly and mouths what looks like, “Need to talk.”
	“Yeah,” I say. “I need to practice my magic some more—I haven’t practiced in a while, so…” I start toward my door, toward Loki, but Thor’s voice stops me.
	“Freya,” he says.
	I turn to him and take a breath. “Thor, I’m sorry but…but… but what you’re saying is bullshit. If you don’t want me to be out of the loop, tell me what I’ve missed, and I can just barge into the next Meeting. I’ve done it before—I can do it again—and if Odin tries to throw me out again, I have magic this time. I’m sure that counts for something…like self defense, or, y’know, proof that I should be included in the meetings about me. God! Can’t you see—can’t Odin see that we’re just going around in circles?
	“Why all the secrecy, huh? I understand that your dad doesn’t like me; I understand that your dad doesn’t like Loki; I understand that this is all my fault. But what I don’t understand is how it’s my fault; I don’t understand how I’m wrapped up in this; I don’t understand why or how I have magic, and until I understand any of those things, I won’t be able to know how to help fix it. So I’m sorry, Thor, but if you aren’t going to tell us—if you aren’t going to tell me—then I gotta go.”
	“I am sorry,” he says.
	I nod. “I know.” 
	“I want to, Freya. Please trust me on that.”
	“But?” I ask.
	“It would seem,” Loki says, “Thor simply does not want to hurt you.” 
	“Hurt me? Hurt me how?”
	“Do not attempt to invade my mind, brother,” Thor snaps. 
	Loki tries to read Thor’s mind, drawing his eyebrows together, for a few seconds longer, then he sighs and blinks rapidly. “I see you are now an adept sorcerer,” he says dryly. “Who taught you?” 
	Thor lowers his gaze to the floor. “Odin.”
	“How,” I ask quietly.
	“How?” Thor repeats.
	“Hurt me how?” I ask again. “Not telling me is hurting me.”
	Out of the corner of my eye, Loki moves to stand next to me. I feel his hand on my back and instinctively lean into it.
	“Freya, my love, let us step away.”
	“Yes, let’s.”
	Loki opens the door to my room and together we enter, leaving Thor and Fandral standing in the hall.
	When the door clicks shut, I turn to Loki and hold the Midgard book up.
	“What do you know about this?” I ask, waving it a little.
	“About that book.”
	“Yes. You looked like you recognized it.” I turn and start walking toward my closet, dropping the book on the sofa. “Tell me why you looked like this when you saw it.” I flash him a squinty-eyed smirk over my shoulder before closing my closet door behind me.
	“I did not make such an unflattering facial expression,” Loki protests. I hear the sofa thump against the wall as he sits.
	“You kinda did,” I call.
	“I do not believe that look has ever crossed my face in my life.”
	“Well, you did.” I push through some dresses before frowning and turning away. “Now, explain why you made such a face when you saw the book I was holding.”
	His eye role can practically be felt through the door. “As you wish,” he sighs.
	I laugh quietly to myself as the image of Wesley from The Princess Bride tumbling down a hill appears in my head.
	“The book you found,” Loki begins, taking my mind off of Humperdinks and Pits of Despair, “is part of a series.”
	“A series?” I pull out a shirt and look at it.
	“Yes,” he says. “A series of twelve to be exact. Midgard, this book, is number six so, my love, you have quite a lot of reading to do before you get to this one.”
	I put on the shirt and find some pants and shoes, then walk back into my room. 
	“You’re saying I have to read five other books before reading the one about the place I come from?”
	“I am. You would not start reading the second Lord of the Rings book, would you?”
	I laugh. “No, I guess not. What are the other books? If one is Midgard, does that mean another is titled Asgard?”
	“Perceptive, my love.” He stands and is in front of me in one fluid movement. He takes my face in one of his hands, his thumb against my chin and his fingers against the bottom of my jaw. “And the twelfth bears the name, The Infinity Stones.”
	“You’re just telling me about these now?” I cry, snatching away his hand from my chin.
	“Oh, Freya, do not be so quick to accuse. I forgot about the books until I saw you holding one. For that, I apologize.”
	I sigh and place his hand against my cheek.
	“It just so happens,” he says, grinning, “that I have the first volume with me.” He steps away and, with a flick of his wrist, a book appears in his hand. “Now, it is once again time for you to practice your magic.”

* * *

	For today’s magical practice session, Loki has decided on a new location and now we walk along the beach that borders some of the sea. Every so often, I look around for a glimpse of the white bird. At one point I think I see it, but it is just the sun glittering off the water.
	“We are going to have to stop walking eventually,” Loki says, kicking at a smooth shell with his bare foot.
	“Or,” I say, “we could just not practice magic, forget about everything, and keep walking forever.”
	He squeezes my hand.	 “Or we could do that.” He stops walking and steps in front of me so that I have to stop too. “However, you have not practiced your magic in quite some time—which, if I am remembering correctly, is the only reason I am out of my cell—meaning, you must practice. Also, I have not kissed you since last night and I feel that should be remedied.”
	I bite my lip, trying not to smile. But I fail. 
	Using the hand that’s holding mine, Loki pulls me closer to him. I let go of his hand and place my hands on the sides of his neck, my thumbs just able to brush his jaw. A sigh escapes me, and he presses his forehead against mine.
	“What is it, my love?”
	“It’s nothing,” I say, half frowning and half smiling. “That’s not true, actually. I’m just feeling a lot of conflicting emotions right now.”
	“Wanting to kiss me is one of them, I hope?”
	I laugh. “Yes.” Then I pull his mouth to mine and kiss him. Again! And everything inside of me rises up, floats just above the ground, and Loki’s lips, his arms that have now wrapped around me, are the only things keeping me from flying away.
	This time his lips are warmer, but the breath that puffs against my cheek still smells of ice. His breathing is also slower, the kiss less desperate, but each small movement of Loki’s hands on my back sends chills and tingles dancing in every direction.
	At about the same time we pull apart, both realizing that, while kissing is more productive than walking forever, we have things to do. I have to practice my magic and Loki has to…do something, like read the book that is pressing uncomfortably against my chest. I finally pull back and look at him.
	“Do you have pockets on the inside of your jacket?”
	He chuckles. “One, yes.”
	“Oh.”
	He pulls out two books (I didn’t feel two). One is the book I had found, entitled Midgard, and the other is the one he magicked into existence while in my room. On the spine of this new one is the word Yggdrasil.
	“Yig—igg—yuh-guh-guh.” I burst out laughing.
	“It is certainly not that.” One side of his mouth quirks up as he watches me laugh at myself.
	I suck in a few breaths, trying to calm the giggles rumbling in my chest. “Did you magic those into your possession.”
	“Yes. And the word is pronounced Igg-druh-sill.” He says it slowly. 
	“Not” —I stifle a laugh— “Yuh-gug-drasil?” I cover my mouth with my hands, almost doubling over from laughter.
	“I do not understand,” Loki says, smiling and starting to chuckle lightly, “why you find this so funny.” His smile is so large that it shows his teeth, until he presses his lips together. But I can see from the shift of green to turquoise-blue in his eyes that he’s trying to hold back more laughter. For some reason, the fact that we are both laughing at me makes me laugh harder and I find myself sprawled in the sand.
	“My love,” he says, openly laughing now. “Lying on the ground is not going to curb your hysteria.”
	I look up at him through watering eyes. “Oh no!” I gasp. “I’m going to have sand in my hair!” Then I roll to my side, coughing up the last of my laughter.
	“Gods help us,” I hear Loki mutter.
	“I’m sorry.” I sit up, wiping my eyes and grinning. I shake out my hair.
	He sighs and shakes his head. He holds his hand out to me and I take it.
	“Yay!” I squeal upon standing. “You leveled up.”
	“I would very much like to kiss you again,” he says matter-of-factly.
	“Yes.” I nod fervently until his hands stop the world from flying up and down. This kiss is brief, and I can feel our lips smiling against each other.
	He kisses my forehead before taking a step away. 
	“Okay,” I say, rubbing my hands together. “What am I going to burn?” Looking around, all I see are shells and rocks. I haven’t quite mastered my magic enough to melt things, but if that’s what Loki wants me to do—
	“Nothing.” He breaks through my thoughts and I feel a small amount of disappointment because I won’t be trying to create lava before he begins speaking again. “You will try again to create the ball of light.” He smirks at my frown then sits down on a blanket he just summoned from thin air. “And I will read to you.”
	“I’ll try,” I say. “But I can’t make any promises.”
	He smiles up at me. “Good. Now turn to the water, focus, and I will begin.”
	I face the water and close my eyes, breathing deeply, using the small waves as a metronome. When Loki starts reading, I cup my hands in front of me. For the next half hour or so, the waves and the half interesting, half boring Yggdrasil book put me into a state of semi-meditation. It’s not until Loki reads the word ‘magic’ that I am reminded of what I’m supposed to be doing. 
	I’m supposed to create that ball of light I made a long time ago. Oh, goody—this isn’t going to be difficult at all.
	Right when I think this, I feel a zip of warmth travel through my arms to my finger tips and then a light warmth is radiating down from above my palms. When I open my eyes, I gasp. Hovering a few inches above my cupped hands is a ball of light the size of a softball.
	“Loki!” I cry. “Loki, I did it! Look! Oh my god, I did it so easily. How did I do it so easily? Loki, Loki, Loki. Oh my god! It was so easy…” This is a whisper.
	“Then why,” Loki says, putting down the book and getting up, “did it take you so long to create?”
	“Um…I, uh, I kinda forgot what I was supposed to be doing until a few seconds ago.”
	He cocks an eyebrow at me.
	“But I did it!” And the ball of light is floating in my hands. 
	“Oh my god…oh my god. Loki it was so easy—why was it so easy? What do I do now? Loki please help oh my god help me.” More heat gathers in my chest, trails its way through my arms and out my fingertips. The ball of light grows brighter. “Ahh-Lokilokiloki. Loki, what do I do now? I’m not…I’m not really trying to do this, Loki. Oh god. Oh my god.”
	He smiles. “First, you must calm down a bit,” he says. I feel his lips on the back of my head and, as the normal tingles and warmth that accompany his touch rush through me, they get caught up in the magic flow and cause the light to grow so bright that I have to look at it out the corner of my eye. “The second thing you should do,” he continues, “is make it bigger.”
	I turn and blink at him, then look back down at the ball, squinting, then back at him. “I should what?”
	“Attempt to make it bigger.”
	Taking a deep breath, I nod. “Oh, o-o-okay.” 
	Okay. This’ll go great.
	I match my breathing to the waves again, inhaling as the water flows into the beginning of a wave and exhaling with every rolling crash.
	Make the ball bigger. You can do it.
	My palms are warm, but I can’t tell whether the heat is caused by the orb of light, my magic, or both. Then, as I squint at it and my vision slowly gets used to the brightness, the waves seem to slow, and my breathing follows, and everything—my palms, my whole hands, my arms, my chest, my legs, my head—is warm, hot, and the crashing of the waves becomes muffled, but it also becomes the only thing I can hear. Loki, from where he now stands in the sand, right next to me, fades from my vision, and so does the sand itself, and the water, until the only thing I can see is the orb and the outside edges of my hands which are illuminated by the cool white glow.
	I begin, slowly at first, to move my hands apart from each other. Centimeter by centimeter, inch by inch, I pull them away from each other, and the ball of light listens. It grows bigger and bigger, always staying a few inches away from my hands on either side. It’s the size of a beach ball and my hands are too far in my faded peripheral vision for me to see them through the weird haze.
	Now it’s just me and the light and the loud but muffled crashes that slowly turn to one long, never-ending din. From this din comes another, quieter sound, similar to one your ears might make up when it’s too quiet. 
	But no, now it’s a hiss coming from the light that I’m holding. And the light becomes brighter and silvery in places, like certain parts are pulsing. With every pulse the hiss grows louder, becoming far off whispers for just a second, just long enough for me to wonder what they’re saying. Then the whispers turn back to a hiss until the next small pulse. And the next, and the next, and the next. 
	Now the silver pulses are coming faster, and the whispering is becoming louder and it’s filling up my ears, my brain, my mind. As the whispering get louder, I realize that it’s not just one something whispering, it’s a bunch of somethings, hundreds and thousands of somethings whispering over each other, each voice vying to be heard over the other.
	Why is this ball of light talking? And what are the pulses? For a moment, I struggle to try and answer these questions, but as soon as I start to form answers they float away, unable to take shape. My mind is so fuzzy from the voices that come from within the orb, from the pulses themselves, that they are all I can think about and focus on.
	That’s it, I realize. The pulses are the whispering voices. But what are they saying? I want to know what they are saying. I need to know what the pulses are saying. I need the pulses. Suddenly I feel a desperate need for whatever they are. I don’t know how or why I need them; I just know that I need them. This feeling—I try to shake away the fluff inside my head, but something inside stops me, keeping my head still, my eyes focused, unblinking, on the orb—this urge isn’t me. Not the normal me, anyway. 
	For a brief moment, my head clears and I feel a stab of panic at the base of my stomach. I try to focus on the panic that is welling up inside of me because maybe focusing on something as real as fear will keep my mind from sliding back into whatever fog is enveloping me. I’m not myself, and I want to tell Loki. I want to tell him that something is wrong with me. I think I’m about to say something, but the fog is there again, overtaking my mind, re-muffling everything. 
	All I’m seeing is the light again, and all I’m hearing are the whispers that have now become normal voices speaking all at once and too far away to hear the words. I need to know what the voices are saying. I stare at the orb of light more intently now and I notice that inside, under the surface, move small lines of brighter light which every so often bounce off the inside surface and create small flashes—silver pulses. So the lines are the voices…the lines are talking. 
	My eyes have begun to sting from being open for so long, but I barely register the pain. I can’t blink, I can’t move, I can’t speak, I can’t think. All I can do is stare at the lines of light. It is these lines, these voices, that I need. I long for these lines. You need the lines, something inside me says. I need the lines, I agree. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I—
	The ghost of a hand appears on my back and a new voice distinguishes itself, slightly, from the cacophony. I don’t know what it’s saying, but I want the new voice too.
	That one first. I need that one—that voice—that line—that pulse—first.
	The ghost hand moves to my shoulder and now there’s another hand on my other shoulder, and the new voice is louder. It sounds like it’s coming from the orb and from all around me, at the same time. Now, the ghost hands are moving. No, I’m moving, I’m shaking. The hands are shaking me, and the new voice is yelling. And I can hear what it’s yelling: “Freya! Freya!”
	A moment of more shaking and yelling passes as I try to figure out who the new voice is screaming about.
	And then—me, it’s me. 
	I’m Freya.
	Oh god. What happened?
	“Freya!” Loki screams—Loki is the new voice—and even though I know he’s only a few inches from my face, his words come to me like he’s yelling from the other end of a long hallway. “Freya.” Now his tone in quieter, quavering. “Freya, come back to me. Freya, my love, come back. Freya! Freya!” His hands are on my face, touching my cheeks and my forehead and my lips.
	The ball of light explodes with a deafening snap, growing rapidly in every direction and I am momentarily blinded. I feel myself drop but it seems to take an eternity before I land on anything. When I do, my face is pressed against something that feels both soft and hard—sand. 
	Oh god, what happened to me?
	I breathe as best I can since one nostril is blocked by the ground. I smell salt, I feel sand in my nose, and I hear the waves—now separated by a brief quiet, instead of being one long, continuous crash. When I open my eye that isn’t covered in sand, Loki is scrambling over to me. He is pale, and his face and clothes are dripping. He must have been thrown into the water.
	“Freya.” His voice is a whisper and gets caught up in the light breeze.
	Loki’s arms are around me, carefully sitting me up. Slowly, I maneuver my hands underneath me to push myself up, trying to help. Everything I do has to be thought through in detail. It’s like I’ve forgotten how to function. 
	“Are you alright?” he asks, gently wiping the sand away from my eyes, my mouth, my nose. I shake my head a little.
	After a minute of not moving, I sit up the rest of the way. My whole body feels like it’s quaking; it could be the ground, but common sense has come back to me enough to realize that is highly unlikely. Panic stabs at the bottom of my stomach and with a trembling hand, I run my fingers through my hair, starting at the tips and moving to the top. 
	My stomach clenches, sending a sob into my throat. My palms start sweating. The sand that would have been falling out of my hair instead sticks to my hands and then gets rubbed off, back into my hair. But I can’t stop. The sand needs to come out. I need the sand to come out. I move my hands faster and faster, trying to forget the unexplainable, desperate need for whatever those lights were. I didn’t know—I still don’t know—why I needed those lights, why I needed one light first. But I do know why I need other things. I need to get the sand out of my hair. I need to sleep because I am suddenly very exhausted. I need to vomit because the panic in my stomach is churning up all the food I’ve had today.
	It’s not until I feel Loki’s hands on mine that I realize how hard I’m crying. He takes my hands from my hair and pulls me against him. I sob into his chest until all that’s left in me is coughing and hiccups. I sit up and look at Loki. He’s not looking at me and has a wide-eyed, perplexed look on his face, but before I can follow his gaze, something in the back of my mind slithers into my consciousness, sending dread trickling down my spine. 
	When I thought—no, it wasn’t me—when something in me said, that one first it was after I felt the hand on my back. Loki’s hand was on my back, Loki was the one talking—he was the new voice. And it—that something—said, that one first. It wanted Loki first. Thinking back now, it felt sinister. Because…well, because why would something want Loki so desperately for no obvious reason? It wasn’t me—it isn’t me…but the voice was coming from inside of me so in some terrible way it was, it is, me. I just can’t explain why it feels so sinister and terrible until I know why it…why I…needed the lights.
	Finally, I look up to see what Loki is still staring at. It’s the orb I was holding. Except now it’s huge and Loki and I are sitting inside of it. Dots of light float through the air. Its shimmering, transparent edges reach about ten feet away from us in each direction, meaning that some of the orb is under the ground and in the sea. When I look down at the sand, some of the dots of light float up toward my face. 
	“Oh my god,” I breathe. 
	When the orb was in my hands, there were lines of light bouncing off the inside surface. Now, as I watch, the same dots or points of light that are floating around us hit the edge and bounce off, creating a silver pulse. The dots and the lines are the same, I realize. When the orb was small, the points of light zoomed around so fast that they left trails, creating lines. Now the orb is so big, the points of light seem to float towards the glimmering walls until they hit them and bounce away.
	“No,” I whisper. “No. Nonononono. No. Shit!” Will the bigger ball be better or worse? I will not lose myself to it again…
	The lights are everywhere, floating above me, below me, through me. I feel a small pull somewhere deep in my chest, a mere shadow of the urge I had felt before. No! I can’t feel what I felt before, whatever it was. It was bad—it has to be bad; whatever happened to me has to be bad. I scramble to stand. Loki follows, and I feel a scream welling in my throat.
“Get away!” I cry, backing away from him.
“Freya, what—”
“No. No, no! The lights” —I motion madly around— “they—they’re bad. So just stay away, just for a minute. You have to. I don't know what was happening. But I… I wanted something for some reason—” I’m breathing in fast gasps and my head is swimming. I'm hyperventilating and I’m afraid I’m going to faint. “I just…have to…calm down. Then I’ll explain, but for now just stay there. Okay? Just stay there.” My voice is loud and echoes shrilly against the cliffs behind us.
Loki starts towards me. “Freya—”
“Loki, stop!” Each step he takes causes the pull in my chest to strengthen. I’m going to throw up, or scream. Probably both. “It was bad, I think, I don't know, so please—” I back away quickly. Loki, being Loki, ignores what I’m saying and continues after me, though now he is frowning. For a minute, he looks like he’s going to try to read my mind—he’s gone longer without blinking than usual—but decides against it. I move faster, keeping my eyes on him. Then the world tips, and I lose my balance. My foot breaks through some crusted-over sand and plunges into a hole. My momentum continuing to carry me back and I begin to fall, flailing and twisting to catch myself. Instead I feel my ankle pop, and pain shoots through my foot and up my leg as I continue to fall.
The last thing I see before my head cracks against something hard in the sand are two bright points of light that dance and spin around each other as they sail through the air above me.

	
Chapter 31

	I haven’t even opened my eyes when I hear Loki make a tut-tut-tutting noise with his tongue. He knows I’m awake.
	I blink away the blurriness in my vision, attempting to sit up. An ache pounds at the back of my skull so, moaning, I fall back onto the pillow. This causes the ache to turn into a brief, but painful stab.
	“Freya, this is the second time you’ve knocked yourself unconscious,” Loki says. There’s a small grin in his voice. I roll my head, along with my eyes, toward where he sits in a chair, feet propped against the baseboard of the bed I’m lying in. He’s reading, and a sudden surge of déjà vu brings me back—to when we weren’t particularly fond of each other. Except the room was different then—the one I’m in now is large, lit by a wall of windows to my left and a small, lamp-like object to my right. Because the room is so large, the light can’t reach the far corners, so the wall across from the windows—bare except for a tall bookcase and a small sofa—is cast in shadow.
	At least he likes you now. 
	I smile. 
	He likes me now.
	Then realization strikes, and I roll my head to stare at the lamp. This is the first time, outside of my bedroom, that I’ve seen the palace’s source of artificial light.
	“Huh…” I murmur, looking back at Loki, wanting to ask him about Asgardian energy sources but remembering we have more important things to worry about.
	He meets my gaze, a single eyebrow arched. “I do not think this should become a normal occurrence, do you?”
	“Sorry. What shouldn’t?”
	He shakes his head slightly, rolling his eyes. “Getting knocked unconscious by your own accord.”
	I frown at him. If I have magic, does that mean I’m immune to concussions? Because I should definitely have one by now.
	I rub my eyes and ask, “Where are we?”
	“With me.” It’s Eir. “Hello, again, Freya. I’d hoped the next time we met would be under different circumstances, however…” She trails off and I can hear her smiling.
	“Do I have a concussion?” I ask.
	“No,” she says.
	I’m about to say something else, but she cuts me off.
	“And before you ask,” she raises a hand, “you are going to be just fine. I already gave you some medicine.” She anticipates my next question, smiling at me with a look of concern in her eyes. “After Loki teleported you here, you woke up. You were rambling on about something” —she pauses to think for a moment— “something about lights, and voices. You were not making much sense.”
	I feel Loki’s eyes on me and in the pit of my stomach, an invisible fist clenches, sending panic into my throat. I was talking? I don’t remember.
	“I gave you medicine, as I said, and you fell asleep. As for your injury, your head will be fine. You did not hit it hard enough for you to become concussed—that is the Midgardian verb for the Midgardian noun, yes?” I nod, and she continues. “Therefore, from what Loki has told me, I believe your comatose state was brought on by something more than falling on a rock.”
	I can’t tell if she’s saying this is a good thing or a bad thing…or neither.
	She walks over to a door and leaves. I hear the clinking of glass against glass and then she returns holding a small tray. On it is a crystalline decanter which holds a liquid that looks like—but probably isn’t—water. There is also an empty glass cup, and a bronze rack that holds five small vials. Three of these contain different shades of turquoise-green liquid. The forth holds many small pieces of sparkling purple crystals. In the fifth is what looks like liquid gold.
	“What are those?” I ask, eyeing Eir and the substances she holds suspiciously.
	“Ingredients,” she says and looks down at her haul. “I need to make you something…special—another medicine.”
	“For what? Why’d you say it like that?” I raise my fingers to make air quotes: “special.”
	“For looking at your energy.” She exchanges a look with Loki and I frown at them. From her moving eyebrows and his brief squint, I assume Eir just asked a question. And Loki just said no. Or yes…or my head just really hurts—which it does—and I’m reading way too into things.
	“My energy?”
	“Yes. It’s not in this room, but there is a device I have to use, and this medicine makes the image clearer.”
	“Oh…” I mutter clenching my hands into fists.
	“Freya,” Loki says. His voice is thick and guarded, and the tone forces my gaze away from the liquid gold, to his face. His eyes are dark and the muscles in his jaw are tensed. “Eir believes she knows why whatever happened happened…er…maybe not exactly. She—” He closes his book and rubs his lips with the tip of his index finger, thinking. “She possibly knows the reason. And if she is correct—”
	“If I am correct,” Eir says—Loki glares at her, eyes flashing, not red but almost. “If I am correct, Odin will want to know. But he will not.”
	I try hard not to smile at knowing something Odin won’t, but I fail. Loki catches my eye and, even though he looks on the verge of snapping, one corner of his mouth quirks up.
	“Okay, so, I won’t tell Odin. Obviously.” At this, the other side of Loki’s mouth raises. He looks less on the verge of snapping. “So… can you tell me?”
	Eir presses her lips together, her eyebrows following, as she thinks. “No,” she says a moment later. “And before you get upset, I have good reason.” 
	I scowl at her from the pillow. “Okay. And your reason is?”
	“I don’t want to make something out of nothing.”
	“You could still tell me what you think is wrong with me,” I say.
	“Freya,” Loki says, “there is nothing wrong with you—” But he is cut off again, this time by Eir raising her eyebrows at him.
	“This is all very reassuring,” I say, pushing myself up slowly, “but enough of the looks and the glances—let’s get this over with.”
	They glance at each other. 
	“What did I just say?” I demand. “Also, where are we going, since we’re obviously not staying here?” 
	“Into that room.” Loki motions to my right with his chin. The bookcase is silently sliding across the floor revealing an archway. It leads from this room into one with no light.
	“I will explain everything I do in excessive detail as I do it,” Eir says. “When I am either correct or incorrect, we will all know at the same time.”
	I stare at her for a minute, then sigh and throw my hands up. “Yeah, okay. Fine.”
	“Good. I am happy you agree because I was not going to take no as an answer.”
	“God—” I mutter, turning to Loki.
	“Do I get a please?” he asks.
	“I didn’t even ask you anything.” I pause and take a minute to scan my brain for any meddling. 
	“My love, it is obvious from the effort it took you to sit up that you will need help standing.” He rises, places the book that I now realize is entitled The Infinity Stones on the foot of the bed, and walks over to help me up.
	“Mischievous smart ass,” I mutter, holding out my hand.
	“I prefer God of Mischief. And that is still not a please.” He takes my hand anyway and pulls me up, wrapping an arm around my waist. 
	It’s not until I’m standing that I realize the ankle I twisted is wrapped tightly in some sort of cloth. My head gets light and the room begins to violently tip. I close my eyes for a moment. When I open them, I focus as hard as I can on the archway that Eir is now walking towards. It stays semi-stationary but everything in my peripheral vision still seems to move and spiral, threatening to pick me up and flip me upside-down.
	“Thank you.”
	“I’ll meet you both at the Soul Forge,” Eir says before disappearing through the archway.
	“The Soul Forge?” I raise my eyebrows at Loki. “What the hell is she doing to me? Making me a new soul from scratch?”
	He smirks. “Nothing painful.”
	“If you say so…”
	Once I give him the go-ahead, Loki begins helping me hop toward the arch.
	“You are quite irritable,” he remarks.
	“And you sure know how to win over a woman.” I raise my eyebrows at him.
	“Obviously I do,” he says. “I won you over, did I not?”
	I curl my lips between my teeth, biting away the smile.
	“Hmm…” I murmur. “I dunno. Maybe you’ll have to go find someone else to kiss.” 
	He grins, and I feel a strong urge to kiss him.
	When we’re about to pass through, I feel Loki’s lips against my ear. “Oh, Freya” —he says my name like a breeze and it sends shivers racing down my back; god, do I want to kiss him— “you have no idea how much control it takes to not kiss you every second of every day.”
	My breath catches so suddenly that I start coughing. Loki pauses, letting me have a moment as I double over, coughing more. He’s laughing, and I feel lips against the back of my neck.
	Having recovered, I straighten and smile at him. There’s a sharp stab in the back of my head and suddenly I am overwhelmed with the desire from before; it’s malicious and desperate and terrible. And it wants Loki. 
	Why? I scream at myself. Why can’t I just need him to kiss, or hug, or snuggle with. What is this?
	Then a thought sneaks in, one that isn’t related to the desire, one that’s deeply my own: Does Loki snuggle?
	This snaps the desire away and, breathing a sigh of relief, I make a mental note to attempt to snuggle with him once whatever procedure I’m going through is over.
	Out of the corner of my eye, I catch Loki’s face changing from concerned to content.
	When we enter the next room, the first thing I see is a large, metallic table standing on a single wide leg that disappears into the floor. It’s about the length of a twin sized bed, but about half the width. Four poles—one pair at the head of the bed and one at the foot—extend from the ceiling high above, to the floor. They are perfectly straight until, about four feet above the surface of the table, they curve out and away from each other, only to return to their normal straightness when they reach the table, creating a vase-like shape. They are made of a dark silver, almost black, metal, and lining them, hovering a fraction of an inch away from their surfaces, are trails of golden light, only present on the sides that face the table. 
	Loki leads me over to it, and I frown, feeling nerves knot in my stomach.
	“So, this is a—”
	“A Soul Forge,” Eir says. She wheels over a cart that carries the tray full of glassware and strange liquids and solids.
	“Yeah, that,” I mutter. “And I…do what exactly?”
	“Lie on it.”
	“Alright.”
	She smiles at me. “There is no reason to be nervous. I would be able to use it without your needing to take any medicine; however, I believe giving it to you will make clearer what I expect to see.”
	I nod. “Okay,” I say, taking a breath in and letting it back out slowly. I look at Loki and try desperately not to let my nervousness turn into panic. Loki’s here, Eir knows what she’s doing—this is fine. You can’t panic when everything is fine because what will you do when it’s not fine? 
	“So, I just lie on it,” I say.
	“You just lie on it,” he says.
	“And that’s it.”
	“That’s it.” He smiles. “What did you expect?”
	“I-I don’t know…” I wave my hands around vaguely. “Something a little more…flamboyant. Is that the right word?”
	“You may lie down once I have given you your medicine,” Eir says.
	“Oh, okay.”
	“May I begin?” She raises her eyebrows at me from over the table.
	“Er…sure, mmhmm. Go ahead.” I take half a step back so that I’m pressed against Loki’s chest. He laces his fingers with mine, his palms flush against the backs of my hands, then wraps his arms around me, taking my arms with him.
	He cranes his neck over my shoulder so that his chin pushes against my jaw. His breath tickles my ear as he speaks. “You are shaking, my love.”
	“Perceptive,” I breathe.
	His silent laugh puffs against my cheek and blows a piece of hair into my mouth.
	“The first thing I must do,” Eir says, picking up the decanter full of clear liquid, “is this.” She swirls it in small, clockwise circles, causing its contents to turn into a mini tornado, or a whirlpool. Once the liquid is tornado-y enough for her liking, she places it back on the tray. To my surprise, it continues to spin instead of slowing and stopping. 
	Eir must sense my shock because she looks up at me, smiling. “Magic—so I don’t have to go through the bother of mixing it.”
	I almost let out a laugh but then the reason she’s doing this comes back and I remember the urge and the malevolent desire I felt while looking into the orb. My laugh comes out as a strangled gasp.
	Don’t panic. Don’t panic; you are safe right now.
	“There is nothing to fear,” Loki whispers against the back of my head. Even though he is voicing what I was just telling myself, his words cause anger to flare in my chest.
	I scowl at the metal vial rack. How could he possibly know what there is and isn’t to fear? He didn’t feel what I did— I want to snap at him. I want to scream at him, at everyone, at everything. I want to know what’s wrong with me.
	Eir picks up the vial that contains the purple gems. She places the mouth of the vial against the opening in the decanter, raising it slowly, so that only one gem falls into the center of the tornado.
	“Nothing?” I hiss. “Because if I’m not mistaken” —I try so hard to stop talking but the words just tumble out— “you didn’t go through whatever the hell it was that happened to me.”
	“This is used to keep things balanced as I make the medicine,” Eir says, ignoring our side conversation. The only reason I know she is paying any attention to what we’re saying is because her eyebrows raise in response to whatever is said.
	“There is one way I would be able to know,” Loki whispers. His voice is a mixture of worry and ice. “However, I am well aware my looking through your thoughts makes you uncomfortable, and I do not wish to bring up any ill memories.”
	“This,” Eir continues and holds up the vial that holds the lightest shade of turquoise liquid, “is to stop your head from hurting so much. I believe you are in need of it.”
	I nod at Eir to continue.
	“Well, I’m very happy you haven’t resorted to reading my mind without my permission,” I mutter. “Yet.” 
	“Freya, I—”
	I whirl around. Eir groans audibly. “Loki, something inside of me is wrong. Something happened earlier, and I don’t know what it was. And I’m sorry I’m so irritable, but I think it’s a side effect of whatever it was that happened…whatever it is that’s inside of me. Maybe also a combination of everything that’s happened since I was picked up by Malekith.”
	“Both of you!” Eir yells. We look at her. “May I continue? Or are you both going to continue arguing?” 
	“You can keep talking,” I mutter, rubbing my temples.
	Indicating the two other turquoise-liquid-holding vials, Eir says, “These two work together to balance your mental and physical states so that, when I use the Soul Forge, the image is clearer.”
	“The image?”
	“You shall see in time.”
	“Alright. What’s that gold liquid for?” I ask, motioning to it with my chin. But, right when I ask this, I half figure it out. The swirling gold matches the color of the light that lines the poles. “Does it connect me to the…the Soul Forge?”
	Eir smiles at me. “Yes.” She then proceeds to pour the entirety of the vial into the decanter (before, she was only adding drips and drops). The dark turquoise liquid suddenly flashes and turns black for a moment, before slowly lightening to the color of sun-drenched grass—if sun-drenched grass sparkled.
	Eir dumps the rest of the purple gems into the empty cup.
	“What’s that?” I ask.
	“Ah, yes. These are for taste.”
	“I thought you said they were for balancing the medicine.”
	“I did. But they also taste delicious.” She grins a little, but it vanishes before it fully forms. “And there can never be too much balance, can there?”
	She pours the medicine over the purple gems, filling the cup almost to the top.
	“No, I guess there can’t be.” I take the cup from her and smell it. The medicine has a sugary and oddly floral scent, with a tinge of something chemically or metallic. “Bottoms up,” I say, receiving frowns. I tip the medicine into my mouth, swallowing it in three gulps. It tastes good—the sweetness lying somewhere on the line between lollipops and pixie sticks. Half dissolved gems get in my mouth, obscured by the opaque liquid.
	Eir chuckles. “You can eat them if you want—they’re already in your mouth.”
	Tentatively, I crunch them. They have the same consistency as rock candy.
	I wait for a moment, mentally scanning my body to see if anything feels different. Nothing does, and I hand the cup back to Eir then sit on the table. The metal is cold even through my clothes. Shivering a little, I lie down.
	Then I wait, staring up at the ceiling that rises at least fifty feet above my head—I can’t really tell how far up it actually goes since it’s shrouded in deep shadow. The sheer height, higher than that of the ballroom, would make me dizzy if I were standing. But, since I’m lying down, I only feel a floating sensation, like the darkness is trying to suck me up. 
	For a while nothing happens. Eir has walked off to put the cart somewhere else and Loki stands with the tips of his fingers resting against the table, a few inches from my arm. I close my eyes and rub them. Lights dance behind my eyelids. In doing this, I realize one thing that has changed since taking the medicine: golden light has misted over my vision, causing the lights to dance yellow-blue, yellow-green, yellow-red. I take my hands away from my eyes but keep them closed. I don’t see blackness; instead, it’s like I’m facing a particularly bright light so, instead of dark, my eyes see a hazy orange.
	I blink back up at the ceiling. The shadow that looms above me is now a rusty color. I turn my head to gaze at Loki. He seems to be ringed in gold light, like paintings in churches, except the light isn’t confined to his head. 
	He frowns. “Yes, my love?”
	I shake my head. “Nothing, it’s just—” The feeling that my voice is too big stops me mid-sentence. I try again, “Nothing—” but it’s still like I’m talking around an invisible tennis ball. “This is weird.”
	“How do you mean?” He’s smiling, so he knows exactly how I mean.
	“You have a golden ring of light all around you, and my words feel like they’re covered in fur.”
	“That is an odd comparison,” he remarks.
	“Do I look or sound different to you?”
	“No,” he draws his eyebrows together, looking for anything noticeable, “you look just the same.”
	“I guess that’s good.” I push myself up to look around and my head spins. “Agh!” I lie back down. “What’s taking Eir so long?”
	Loki opens his mouth, but just then there’s a loud click that echoes up the walls, and a moment later, Eir walks through a door, followed by two women carrying rectangular objects and long, thin things that resemble pens. More clicks sound and the archway we came through closes, bars appearing across it.
	Something’s wrong.
	“My apologies,” she says, hurrying over to us. “I need notes to be taken. I also locked the doors—Odin knows you’re here, Freya.”
	“Well, shit,” I say right as Loki murmurs something that sounds like, “Damn.”
	I squint as best as I can through the growing golden haze at the healer. She has taken one of the rectangles and is now tapping and scribbling at it with the long object. Her face looks pale, her brows pull up in the middle, and her mouth is a line.
	“What does that mean, then?” I ask. My voice still feels fuzzy and large in my mouth.
	She shakes her head, handing back the rectangle. “Nothing—yet. Odin can know you are here, but” —she touches one of the poles— “he cannot know what we discover.”
	“Okay…but…why do I feel so weird?”
	“That is just the medicine taking effect.”
	“Oh,” I say. Suddenly, my voice feels slightly less furry, and, when I blink, most of the gold has left my vision.
	About a foot or so above me, the air shimmers and gold dots of light appear, bunched together in a three-dimensional shape of my body.
	“Whoa,” I breath, elongating the word as I take in the magic, x-ray-like figure. “That’s me?” When I point at it, the gold version of my hand points too. “Whoa!” I cry.
	I hear Loki chuckle. Looking at him with a grin, I see, in my peripheral vision, my magical counterpart looks over too. And, as I watch, Loki’s smile changes, softens and warms. It was parted lips, raised eyebrows, curled corners. It was a silent laugh. Now, his mouth is closed, his lips a line that rises gently on either side, creating a shallow arc, small smile lines. Now, his eyes are squinted ever so slightly, his eyebrows have lowered. His eyes are the color of calm seas—a muted green-blue.
	I tilt my head a little, trying to figure out why his smile changed so noticeably. Unless it was only noticeable to me… I smile a little back. I want to kiss him. God, do I want to kiss him. However, I also want that smile to never go away and kissing would mean it’d have to, and that I’d have to stop looking at it. 
	Eir speaks to one of her assistants and it draws my attention away from Loki and back to the magic above me. More lights have appeared, this time off to the side. They create circles of different sizes, and a few squares with rounded corners. It looks almost like a control panel. The healer stands, turning the dials and moving the lines of magic around. 
	When I look back at Loki, his smile is gone.
	For a while, I lie there, watching Eir finagle her magic buttons and switches. Loki is quiet. His only movement has been him removing his hand from the table to worry at the palm of his left hand.
	“So, um,” I say, breaking the silence before it fully fills my ears, “what exactly are you looking for?”
	“Well,” Eir says, “I’m looking for something inside of you.”
	“How? And how is that…” I trail off, waving a hand at my magical, x-ray counterpart.
	“A Soul Forge has the ability to transfer molecular energy from one place to another, which allows me to look at your body’s natural energy as well as any energy that is not supposed to be there.”
	“Oh. Well, have you…found anything yet?”
	She sighs. 
	That’s probably not a good sign.
	“No. Not yet.”
	That’s definitely not a good sign.
	“Though I have yet to look closer. I’ve merely looked at the surface. If there is something inside of you that has lain dormant until today, I would be naive to assume it would present itself so simply.” With a sharp twist of her hand, the magic figure above me shifts. It seems to get bigger, like she’s zooming in on a picture, but the lights never leave the confines of the metal poles or come any closer to my face.
	This close, the lights are all the same size as before, but now there are more of them. The section of my arm we are looking at is the size that my torso was previously.
	Once again, we are silent as Eir moves around my zoomed in x-ray, looking at each part closely before moving on. A few minutes pass. Loki walks away and comes back, dragging a chair behind him. When he sits down, I raise my eyebrows at him questioningly. 
	“Yes?” he asks, smirking a little.
	“Tired,” I murmur.
	He nods, grinning, and reaches out to squeeze my hand.
	“Loki!” Eir snaps. “Stop touching her and get your hand out of the Soul Forge.”
	He blinks at her. “I truly hope I haven’t ruined anything.”
	Eir shakes her head, staying silent—but then, “Oh!”
	“What?” I cry, using all my concentration to not sit up and stick my head into the lights to look closer. “What is it?”
	“Something.”
	“And?” Loki demands. He stands and the chair tips back and crashes to the ground. 
	“Loki,” Eir says, her voice slow and deliberate, “hold her hand again.”
	Loki takes my hand. I close my eyes. 
	“What is it?” I whisper. 
	“When he took your hand, some of your energy…moved.”
	“And that’s…normal,” I say, knowing that it definitely is not.
	“No.” 
	One of Eir’s assistants moves by my head, and I hear a door open, close and lock. Something deep down stirs and wakes up. It wants something—for the person to come back? For something the person has? I can’t fully tell. I keep my eyes shut tight. Loki’s hand still holds mine and the malicious desire, the one from before, gradually shifts its focus to Loki.
	No, no, no! Please no.
	“There is energy inside of you that is not your own.”
	No shit! 
	“It’s powerful. May I touch your hand?”
	I nod once, placing all my focus on holding back whatever it is that wants Loki.
	She places her fingers on my thumb.
	The something inside of me reels in excitement.
	“Now they are moving again,” she says. “This time they are evenly distributed on either side of your body…no… More are near Loki.” She whispers to another one of her assistants. A door opens, closes, locks.
	“Loki, remove your hand. Please step away from Freya.”
	My eyes fly open. 
	“What?” we both say, although mine is a whimper and Loki’s sounds more like a growl. I and the something inside of me don’t want that—but for vastly different reasons. I hope.
	I sit up. “What’s going on?” I look at Loki who, by now, has moved a few feet away, looking from me to the lights. His brows are furrowed, and his lips are pulled into a thin line. He looks confused and angry.
	Turning to Eir, I see her doing something on the magic control panel. I’m about to repeat my question but before I can, she turns one of her hands and spreads the fingers of the other apart and suddenly a tingle zips down my body. I am thrown back against the table, muscles tense as something flies through me, holding me against the table. My arms are paralyzed by my sides, elbows bent slightly, my forearms hovering at uneven distances in the air. One leg is bent slightly and lifted a few inches off the table while the other is pressed hard against it. If I was able to move—to feel—this position would be quite uncomfortable. But I can’t move my legs, I can’t move my arms, I can’t move my head, I can’t blink. It’s similar to the sensation I felt while looking at the orb, but instead of being physically unaware of anything, I am aware of everything. 
	I can feel a tingling throughout my body, like electricity, but probably magic. 
	I can hear Loki yelling at Eir but I’m too confused and frightened to pay attention. And then his voice stops. I strain to look, but even my eyes are frozen. All I can see is one of Loki’s hands and it isn’t moving. Loki isn’t moving: Eir has somehow paralyzed him too.
	Eir moves her hands again and suddenly my consciousness is pushed to the far corners of my brain and the terrible Need takes over. Suddenly, I am acutely aware of how close Eir and Loki are to me, but it’s not them the something recognizes, it’s what they have that it wants. The something tries to look around—I try to look around—but it can’t because I am frozen. 
	Under the skin of Loki’s hand, in my peripheral vision, comes a pulsing, dull gold glow. I focus on Eir—I can see her clearly—and see the same glow.
	I want the glowing and if I could just touch Loki’s hand, Eir’s arm, and get it, then maybe this Desire will go away and leave me be. I try to move my arm and feel it burning as it pushes against the magic that holds me in place. And then I feel my fingers twitch and bend, and my leg that was raised falls to the table. I push against the magic—the something inside of me realizes it’s Eir’s magic and this makes it—me—angry. I’ll take the glow from her, but I need that one first. And I reach my hand out to Loki, slowly, like moving through cement. 
	I focus on sliding my foot off the table so that I can walk. 
	My foot hits the floor and I begin positioning my hand to push myself up. My back is still planted against the table. My left arm is still rigid, but my right is becoming more mobile. 
	And now I am sitting up—I am so close to taking it.
	Then, as suddenly as it overtook me, the malicious Thing disappears, and all mobility is returned. The pent-up momentum causes me to careen away from the table and I land hard on the floor. I lie there, my breathing ragged and trembling. Closing my eyes, I let tears fall. I let panic overtake me.
	“What was that, Eir?” Loki hisses from above me.
	What was that?
	“Loki—” Eir starts.
	What’s wrong with me?
	“WHAT WAS THAT!” His scream rises into the ceiling and echoes back down at us. I hear him start toward her. I can feel his anger hanging heavy in the air.
	“It is an Infinity Stone, Loki.” Eir’s voice is quiet and tight.
	His footsteps stop immediately, and with them goes my breathing.
	“It is an Infinity Stone, and it is not only inside her,” Eir lets out a breath, “it is a part of her.”
	
Chapter 32
	
	Everything inside of me reels. If I’d been standing, I’d surely have fallen over by now. I try to inhale but can’t, so instead I cough out the air that has caught in my lungs. My mind is racing, thoughts passing by me like leaves in high winds: unable to be caught no matter how hard I try, no matter how far I reach. I have no idea what I’m thinking, I have no idea what to do, and I suddenly find myself gulping for air. Black and white dots waltz at the edges of my vision, and I realize I’m starting to hyperventilate. I’m afraid I’m going to pass out.
I push myself to my hands and knees, ignoring the whirlwind of thoughts in my brain, and steady my breathing as best I can. I manage to suck in enough air enough times that the dots disappear. And then, slowly, as my breathing goes back to normal, two thoughts begin to repeat themselves enough for me to comprehend them: What do I do? What does this mean? 
	What do I do? —What— What do I do? —does— What do I do? —this— WHAT DO I DO? —mean?
	“What Stone?” Loki asks through his teeth, his voice teetering on the edge of breaking, crashing, cutting. I glance up and see anger flash red through his eyes. His hands are white fists; the muscles in the backs of his hands are taught, screaming out their desire to hit something.
	“Loki, you must —” Eir begins, but Loki cuts her off.
	“What. STONE?” he bellows.
	My gaze falls numbly to the floor. What do I do? What does this mean? What do I do?
	Eir is silent. What do I do? I look at her. She looks at me. Loki looks at the red clouding his vision.
A gold pulse below the skin of my hand. I blink. It’s gone. What does this mean? —you have to get up— What do I do? —you have to move is what you have to do— What do I do what does this mean what do I do? —get up! I set my jaw, brush partially shed tears from my eyes and stand. The panic froths and writhes in my stomach as I move, but I push it down, ignoring it. For now. 
For a moment, Eir and I regard each other. A gold pulse below her skin appears, calling to the Stone, to me. I blink, and it’s gone
	You, I think, focusing all my emotion on the Stone inside of me. You— I’m slightly taken aback by the amount of rage dripping from the silent words, but I continue. You will not control me. I am not afraid of you. You will not get Loki, you will not get Eir. If you are a part of me, then I can control you. The pulse of gold under Loki’s skin causes the pushed down panic to rise. But I don’t let it reach my full consciousness. I blink. The pulse is gone.
	I cross my arms and stare at the Healer. In my peripheral vision, I notice that the tips of Loki’s fingers are tinged ice-blue. A gold pulse under both of their hands, the Need surges for a moment. Again. Then, I blink, and it’s gone. Again. But, unlike before, when the pulsing disappears, when the Need vacates my consciousness, I can tell it is only waiting: waiting for me to not be on my guard so it can catch me by surprise, waiting for me to snap so it can hitch a ride on my anger, waiting to see what happens right now, in this moment. Somehow, waiting to see if it will be fully found out.
	I clench my teeth, holding the panic down as it threatens to well up again, because if this Need is part of me, then aren’t I the one who’s waiting? To get whatever the pulsing light is that Loki and Eir have? I shudder. 
	I don’t know. I don’t know.
	I don’t know myself.
	What do I do?
	What does this mean?
	Letting out a gasp, I say, “What Stone, Eir? Answer him!”
	“It could be any of them.”
	“That is bullshit,” I cry, throwing my hands up. “Are there no defining features? Are the Six fucking Singularities of the Universe so fucking similar that you can’t tell them apart? Because I don’t believe that, not for one. Fucking. Second!” Something is welling up inside me, but it’s not the Need, and it’s not panic. It’s magic, fueled by anger, concentrating itself in my palms, making my head feel too big, and I want so badly to let it out.
	Loki’s hand appears on my back.
	“Which Stone is it?” I say, my voice shaking, cracking. “Tell me!” This is a scream that rips through my throat, tearing at my vocal chords, easing some of the panic, dispersing some of the magic.
	And Loki’s hand disappears. I hear his sharp intake of breath; out of the corner of my eye, I see his eyes flash, and stay, red. His skin is blue. And then he turns away.
	Eir shakes her head, her attention focused on my hands. When I look down, I see why. What looks like a cross between fire and electricity is zipping around and through my fists. I relax my hands, shaking them a little. Somehow, that makes the majority of the remaining, visible magic go away (there’s still enough inside of me that I could potentially light a small bon fire), though some still crackles and sparks near my fingertips. I clasp my hands, pressing my fingers white against the backs of my hands.
	“Tell me,” I repeat, this time quieter, calmer. “Please.”
	“To be certain, you should speak with Heimdall…however, if I am correct about the abilities of the stones, there are three I believe fit your symptoms most accurately.”
	“Okay, and they are?”
	“They are the Mind Stone, the Reality Stone, and the Soul Stone.”
	I nod.
	“You should speak with Heimdall,” she repeats. “He will know.” A moment of Eir pursing her lips passes before she says, “And I am sorry. For before. I only…wanted to be sure. If I could access the Stone, the way I did in that moment, it would confirm my beliefs. I was able to, of course…and…well…”
	I press my lips together, nodding again. I press my arms into my stomach, trying to hold myself together as the panic threatens at the base of my stomach. “Okay,” I mutter. “Okay…okay…okay, okay okay okay okay okayokayokayokayokayoka—” I stop, my mouth open, staring at nothing in particular. 
	I need to leave this room. I need fresh air. I need to breathe somewhere other than here. 
Then I turn on my heel. “Alright,” I say. Starting toward the closed archway, I grab Loki’s wrist and pull him after me. The archway opens and the two of us leave.

* * *

	Lifa and I sit in the chairs by the fireplace and Loki sits on the floor, back against my legs, reading the book about the Infinity Stones. Every so often, his hand comes up to brush my exposed knee. Every time, tingles run through my body. Every time, I feel like crying, never for the exact same reason.
	I have just finished telling Lifa everything, including my walking back, seeing her, and pulling her along to my room with us. She obviously knew that part. I just needed to ground myself.
	Now that I’ve finished, she sits, eyes squinted, hands clasped under her chin. Slowly, she opens her mouth, but then abruptly closes it. Pressing her entwined fingers to her lips, she frowns at me through her eyelashes.
	Loki glances at her and I can see his smirk even with his back to me.
	Letting her hands fall to her dress, she sits up straighter and, finally, she speaks: “What?!”
	“Yeah,” I say.
	“You have…you have a—a—”
	Loki chuckles down at the pages in his lap.
	Before she can stop herself, Lifa glares at him. “My apologies,” she mutters in his direction, too baffled or worried to really mean it. Then to me, “You have an Infinity Stone inside you.”
	I nod. “But, um, not just inside me,” I say. “Eir said it’s a part of me.”
	“Oh…well…I suppose those are two different things then, aren’t they?”
	“I guess so,” I say, absentmindedly playing with Loki’s hair. “I guess so,” I repeat,” because if it was just inside me, that means it’d be able to come out. But if it’s a part of me, then…”
	“Then removing it would most certainly be quite difficult at least, and…well…” She trails off, looking at me with her sideways question mark eyebrows.
	“Fatal at most,” Loki murmurs. He turns a page, reads it quickly, then closes the book. “While I am certainly not Heimdall, I believe that the Stone inside you—if it is, of course, one of the known Six—is either the Mind Stone or the Soul Stone. The Reality Stone does not have the capabilities to cause all that has happened to you. Eir suggesting that has, in my opinion, made her stupid and any further opinions she has obsolete.”
	I sigh and, ignoring the last part, ask, “Narrowing it down helps…but Heimdall should know, right? He should know that it is definitely the Soul Stone, or definitely the Mind Stone, or definitely neither, promptly throwing us into yet another shitstorm of mystery.” My fingers are tangled in Loki’s hair and he reaches back, taking my hands gently away from his head.
	“Hopefully he will know. And hopefully there will be no…shitstorms.” He turns to me. “Is that a word?”
	“On Midgard it is.”
	He scowls at me, looking skeptical.
	A moment of silence and collective, accidental staring contests ensues and then realization hits me.
	“Shit,” I sigh.
	“That sounds slightly more like a word.” He grins, then his features and voice soften. “But what is it, my love?”
	“If I’m technically an Infinity Stone…then…would that mean I’m the Amethyst? Yes, right? Maybe? Probably? Shit.”
	Loki doesn’t say anything, but his lips are a white line and his eyes are dark.
	“I need to talk to Heimdall,” I say. “We need to go. Now.”
	I pull on my shoes and stand. Lifa gets up, and Loki, who is now standing by the door, shoots her a look.
	“If you wouldn’t mind,” she begins, “I would very much like to accompany you.”
	“I do not think that would be wise,” Loki says as I say, “Of course.” We look at each other.
	“Why wouldn’t that be wise?” I ask, raising my eyebrows.
	“As a…” he hesitates for a moment, glancing at Lifa, “servant, she—you—are required to answer to Odin. Especially if pressed, and he is certainly one to press.”
	“She’s not going to tell him,” I retort.
	“And how do you know this?”
	I’m about to answer when Lifa says, “Because I will not—certainly not if it means any harm would come to Freya… or… to you…”
	Loki arches an eyebrow. He looks flattered and a little confused. 
“Also—I mean no disrespect—I would like to add something else, of my own account… your—your…highness…” The word is a statement, but it sounds like a question, like she doesn’t know where he stands in Asgard’s hierarchy of royalty. Loki probably doesn’t know either.
“Have you not already?” he growls, deciding to bypass flattered and confused, and jump to irritated.
I smack his arm, glaring at him. He opens his mouth to retort, but I interrupt before he can even begin.
 “Look, Loki,” I say. “I know you’re still mad at Eir for doing whatever she did that made me do…whatever-the-hell. But don’t take it out on me. Or on Lifa. Especially Lifa. She hasn’t done anything to deserve it. In fact, she has done a lot that should make you trust her. She’s helped me adjust, she’s supported me in trusting you even when she didn’t trust you. But she trusts you now…?” I glance at her for clarification. She nods slightly. “Yeah. She trusts you now. So that’s something.”
	Lifa takes a step towards us. “May I speak now?”
	“Yes! Yes. Sorry.” I take a step away from Loki so that I’m not standing between them.
	His eyebrows furrow, and he looks like he wants to say something, but then he blinks, and flicks a hand at her to go ahead.
	“Thank you.” She knots her hands in part of her skirt. “I may not entirely understand what has transpired between you, Freya, and Eir, and I may not entirely understand all that Freya has told me, but I choose her over any duty” —she grimaces a little, like what she’s saying is difficult to get out— “I owe to Odin. She has been a very good friend to me when she has not needed to be. And for that, my lady Freya—er, Freya—I am forever grateful.” She smiles at me. “I trust in her decision—in your decisions, I should say—not to inform Odin. From what I do understand of these odd happenings, I too believe that telling the Allfather will only make things worse.”
	She begins spinning the end of her braid and takes a shaky breath before continuing. “And…L-Loki…” She clears her throat, refocusing her trailing gaze on the god in front of her. “I will remain wary of you; however, I do trust you…enough. But…but as Freya’s friend and her assigned attendant, I sincerely urge you to not do anything that would hurt her in any way.”
	It takes both Loki and me a moment to realize she is referring to our relationship and not to the many times he has attempted to kill me. When we do, I feel a smile spread across my face, and Loki narrows his eyes, lips parted, speechless.
	“Is that a threat?” he asks slowly, after a moment of astonished silence. He looks as if he can’t quite decide whether to be angry or amused.
	“Yes,” Lifa says, her voice tight and slightly higher pitched than normal.
	I burst into laughter. Walking over to her, I pull her into a hug. Loki is still trying to process being threatened by someone he has, up to this point, only considered the help.
	I kiss her on the cheek and say, “Thank you, Lifa. For everything you said—not just that last part.” 
	She’s shaking.
	“I know how nervous you are right now,” I whisper, “but that was good—really good.” I pull away to smile and give her a thumbs-up.
	She returns the gesture with a trembling hand and a shaky grin. “Thank you,” she murmurs. “I am quite nervous—I must admit. But I am sure you definitely did not notice, did you?” 
	I shake my head in feigned disagreement. “Oh, I definitely didn’t notice. Aren’t you always vibrating?”
	She laughs, everything about her person still wound like a spring. “Of course!” 
	Before I have a chance to respond, I feel a hand on my back and I turn. 
“My love,” Loki says, glancing at me, at Lifa, at me again. “We must be on our way.” 
	Lifa’s head snaps up, her face losing all its color.
	“You may come, Lifa.” Loki says. Then, he turns to me with a sudden smirk.
	“Oh no. What?” I step away from Lifa and look at him.
	“We must teleport,” he says. He takes one of my hands and draws small circles absentmindedly over my palm and fingers.
	“Oh god. Why?”
	“Odin knows you met with Eir. Honestly, I am surprised he hasn’t barged into your quarters by now…” He eyes the door before saying more. “Walking is far too slow.”
	I nod, grimacing. “O-okay, fine. Lifa, take my hand. Warning: this is gonna suck.”
	“Going to what?” she asks, putting her hand in mine.
	“Be absolutely terrib—” Before I can get the last syllable out, Loki’s hands have wrapped firmly around mine. I catch the sound of my door opening and Odin yelling something, but everything goes black and we’re gone. I squeeze my eyes shut as my stomach begins to rise. There’s a slight tugging on my arm, on my hand that holds Lifa’s, but I’m too focused on not throwing up into the void to fully notice.
	Just then, there’s a scream. It rings through the nothingness, getting louder and louder until it disappears. It’s Lifa. She screams again, and the sound waves are distinct, hammering against my eardrums. Then she is screaming my name. I hold her hand tighter. Or, at least, I try to. My nails bite into the palm of my empty hand.
	Lifa is gone.
	“LIFA!” I yell into the black as I flail my free hand helplessly, finding no one. “LIFAAAA!”
	Suddenly, something or someone grabs my arm, right above my wrist, and a sensation of being ripped travels through my entire body. Now I’m the one screaming. I flail my empty hand again, this time to remove whatever has me. I feel Loki’s arms wrap around me, holding me against him as the ripping continues pulling at my legs, my arms, my skin. His breath puffs against my forehead in short, pained bursts. He can feel it too. Something is wrong. 
Then my feet touch ground and, just like that, the ripping is gone, and Loki and I are standing on the Rainbow Bridge. And my wrist is stinging. I pull away from Loki enough to look at it and suck in a breath when I see that it’s bleeding.
“Loki,” I say quietly, wiping away the blood with my skirt. “Look.”
We both look at the wound on my arm. It’s not very deep, but there are five distinct shapes, four on the top of my arm, and one on the bottom. It looks like someone dipped their hand into red paint then wiped their fingers on my skin.
“It’s a hand print.” I frown. “Or finger prints, I guess. Someone grabbed me. That must have started the ripping feeling.”
Loki takes my arm gently in his hands, looking at the wound. He glances over my head, back down at my arm for a split second before focusing on something behind me. “Freya,” he says, quietly. 
I turn, following his gaze. Heimdall kneels against the Rainbow Bridge next to Lifa’s still body.
“Oh my god!” I cry, pulling my arm from Loki’s hands and rushing over to where she lies. “Oh god. Heimdall, is she okay? Did you see what happened? What happened? Is she going to be okay? Oh my god, Lifa. Oh my god.” I press my fingers to her neck. There’s a pulse and I sit back with a shaky breath, relieved.
“She will be alright. I believe much of her energy was used up before she arrived here,” Heimdall says. He looks at me. “Loki used his magic to transport you here, yes?”
“Yes.”
“Odin,” Heimdall murmurs, “attempted to stop you from coming here by grabbing her arm.” He pushes up one of the sleeves of her dress to reveal a wound above her wrist. But where mine is just fingerprints, Lifa’s wound is an entire handprint that circles her small arm. Blood bubbles then drips sluggishly across her skin and to the Rainbow Bridge.
“And it did that?” I whisper. “That means he somehow grabbed me too.” I show him. “But that’s a full handprint; mine’s just…” I take her sleeve from Heimdall’s hands and look at it. The fabric is already a dark reddish-brown, but where the fabric covered the wound, there are even darker reddish-brown splotches. My fingers come away dripping red. 
I look at my wound and see that it has almost entirely stopped bleeding; the only place that still drips the underside of my arm, where Odin’s thumb had pressed and dragged a bit harder than his other fingers.
He nods. 
“What the hell, Odin?” I breath, pulling Lifa’s sleeve back down. “What the hell.”
Loki joins us in kneeling by Lifa. He carefully slides one arm behind her neck and one arm under her knees, then picks her up, holding himself carefully, like he has picked up a bird instead of a girl. Heimdall and I follow Loki into the Bifrost where he puts Lifa down and materializes a pillow for her head.
“Odin caused her to be separated from you and, once this happened, she fell for quite some time.” Heimdall sits on the floor and I sit next to him. He touches a tear in her other sleeve, points to clusters of thin scratches on her face, neck and hands, the kind only obtained from plants or paper. “She was sent throughout Asgard.” 
I notice more rips in her dress. Thorny and needled branches clutch to the hem. I pull them off, tossing them toward the entryway.
“When you say she was falling, and sent through Asgard, what exactly do you mean?” I ask. “And why didn’t I really notice when she was pulled away? And how did she still end up here?”
Loki pushes up her sleeve, exposing the handprint and holds his hand over it. In an instant, his palm begins to glow. Ever so slowly, the wound begins to heal, leaving behind only a faint, vaguely hand-shaped scar. 
“By pulling her from your grasp in an attempt to stop the three of you from teleporting, Odin sent her careening throughout Asgard. She appeared in one area, fell for a foot or two, then disappeared, only to reappear somewhere else. This happened out of her control. While she was sent elsewhere, her energy was still connected to Loki’s transportation and so she ended up here, which answers your third question. And an unvoiced one: she is unconscious because her energy was drained; nothing happened that left her in this state, other than that.”
“Oh,” I murmur, watching Loki move from the handprint to other wounds, these ones smaller, caused by branches. “I’m glad she’s not…hurt hurt…”
“As for your second question, I believe you did not notice her pulled from your grasp because teleportation is quite unpleasant for you. You were simply distracted.”
Is that all? If I wasn’t so distracted, would I have been able to hold on to her tighter? Then Odin wouldn’t—
“Even if you had noticed,” Heimdall says, breaking apart my thoughts, “there was nothing you could do to stop this from happening.” His gold eyes harden slightly. “Odin knew well what he was doing when he took hold of her arm.”
A moment passes with me glaring at the palace, Loki glaring at nothing in particular as he finishes healing Lifa’s last scratch, and Heimdall narrowing his Seeing eyes at who-knows-what. Then Loki stands and motions for me to come over to him. He takes my hand, holding it still so he can heal me too. 
I look from my skin to his face. His teeth are clenched, making the tendons in his jaw stand out. His eyes are shifting from a blue so dark it’s almost black to a shadowed green. When he blinks, I see tears appear in his eyes.
“Loki,” I whisper. “Loki, what’s wrong?”
“Odin wants something,” he says, matching my tone. He turns my arm over and a look of disgusted rage flits over his face. “From you. The Stone, definitely. I just…I do not know how he intends to use it.” He glances at Lifa. “He was willing to hurt her” —his voice is tight— “to try to get to you.”
“Well,” I say, watching as the last of the thumb print heals over, leaving behind a long, oval shaped scar, “we can figure that out after we figure out what Stone is actually inside of me.”
Loki nods and blinks rapidly. I brush away a tear that escaped and give him a small smile. He pulls my face to his and kisses me quickly, then—
“Odin will be coming here soon if he is not here already,” he says, walking over to the wide opening of the Bifrost, “so I will make certain he has a difficult time getting to us.” Then he focuses his gaze on me, one eyebrow raised. “Freya, you need answers. Now is your chance to get some.”
I nod, my stomach knotting itself as nerves fill my throat. Walking back to where Heimdall stands next to Lifa, I take a breath and let it out slowly through slightly parted lips. The Seer looks at me in a way that makes me think he already knows what I’m about to say—which he most definitely does, since he is, in fact, a Seer. Somehow, him knowing makes me a little less nervous and I feel myself relax ever so slightly as I open my mouth to tell him all that has happened.
As Loki uses his magic to create some sort of barrier between us and Odin, I recount everything about the Need, about the Need wanting Loki the most, about Eir looking inside of me with her magic x-ray machine, and about what I did when she triggered whatever Stone is inside of me. 
Throughout my story, Heimdall’s expression changes and, although he is very hard to read, he seems to be amused. I think…
“Take my hands,” he says, a smile creeping into his deep voice. Yes; he is amused.
“O-okay…” I say, tentatively placing my hands in his upturned once. “But…uhh…what…um—What does this do?”
“Shh,” he murmurs.
I bite my lips. Glancing at Loki, I see him look away, but not before I see his eyebrows knit, his lips pressed into a white line. He looks worried. 
Next to us, Lifa stirs, sighs, but doesn’t wake up.
I turn my attention back to Heimdall. He has closed his eyes now and for a disconcerting moment I think I can see his gold irises swirl and glow behind his eyelids. From outside the Bifrost, a bird calls and I remember the weird white, gold-eyed bird I saw the morning after the Ball. Right when I think of this, Heimdall smiles and the small amber gem in his chest plate begins to pulse.
I’m about to ask what’s going on when I am thrown out into space—or at least my mind is; I can still feel the Bifrost below my feet, my hands wrapped in Heimdall’s. My eyes are open and should still be seeing Heimdall, the Bifrost, Loki, Lifa. But instead, I am looking at every galaxy, star, planet, living soul all at once. I focus on a galaxy directly in front of me before the vastness of what I am seeing overwhelms me, and it’s as if I am zooming in on it. The stars of this galaxy surround me, and I focus on one, half hoping that there are no planets around it so that I can try to get my bearings, half hoping there is life by this star so that I can see the extent of my newfound Sight. Then I blink, and I am back, looking at Heimdall, the Bifrost, Loki, and Lifa who is now sitting up and rubbing her eyes.
I stare at Heimdall, mouth open, unable to speak. He watches me, a content smile turning up the corners of his mouth.
When I finally speak, all that comes out is, “Howwww…?”
“The Stone that is inside you,” Heimdall says, smile growing, “is the Soul Stone.”
My legs buckle, and Loki is there to catch me before I fall completely. He and Heimdall help me sit next to a very confused Lifa.
“There is quite a lot of it inside of you,” he continues. “I have never seen it so concentrated in one individual.”
“How’d I do that?” I ask. “Was that you?”
“Yes. It was my way of proving both to myself and to you which Stone you are.”
“Oh,” I gasp. “Why did Eir—”
“Eir has her way, and I have mine,” he says before I can finish.
“I like your way better,” I say. He chuckles, and I feel Loki press a kiss to the crown of my head before returning to the opening of the Bifrost to watch for Odin.
“Am I a Seer like you, then?” I ask, looking up at him. “Or…or what?”
Or am I destined to see a glowing under people’s skin and Need it with every fiber of my being for some unknown reason?
“Yes. No. Perhaps. You are what you choose to be.” He walks over to the raised platform in the center of the room, sits and places his sword by his feet. I join him and not very long after, Lifa does too.
We face the Rainbow Bridge that now has shimmering fields of magic blocking the way for anyone who wants to walk across. Loki has magicked himself a fancy daybed and lies with his eyes closed and brows furrowed in thought. Standing at the opening is a magic copy of him, watching the Rainbow Bridge and the palace, waiting to alert the real Loki.
“You control the Stone because it is you. There may always be the Need you spoke of, but it is your choice whether you act on it or not. This may be hard at first, but you will learn, you will grow stronger.”
I nod.
“Now,” he says, “do you have any questions I may answer before I explain more?”
“Did you know I was the Soul Stone…or had it inside of me or whatever—did you know before I came to you?”
“No. It seems the Soul Stone has trouble recognizing itself.”
Well, that’s fitting.
I think for a moment, about how I didn’t know I had magic, about how suddenly all of this happened. “Is that why I didn’t know?”
“Perhaps.” He nods. “Perhaps it didn’t know it was in you or that it was you until these recent events triggered your magic, waking it up.”
“Perhaps?” I ask. “Don’t you know everything?”
“No,” he says, staring at nothing, a sad smile flitting across his face, “no, not everything.”
For a moment, I watch him, wondering what he’s remembering or Seeing.
“Tell me what you do know about the Stone—about—about me,” I say softly. “Please.”
Heimdall nods. He is calm. He knows there is nothing wrong with me. He knows everything is going to be okay. And this eases some of the knots in my stomach, tamps down the queasiness threatening at the base of my throat.
“As you know,” he begins, “there are six main Infinity Stones: Space, Mind, Reality, Power, Soul, and Time. The majority of the Stones exist naturally as, well…Stones. However, there are two that do not. These are the Reality Stone, which takes the form of a parasitic liquid called The Aether, and the Soul Stone, which has a much more complicated existence.” He shifts into a more comfortable position and removes his helmet.
I look at Loki and attempt to force my thoughts into his, though I don’t know how one goes about doing this. So, all I do is think, Loki. Give us chairs, give us chairs. Loki give us chairs. Loki!
He cracks open an eyelid and glares at me, trying to suppress a smile. A moment later, three very comfortable chairs appear along with a table full of steaming tea and pastries.
Smartass.
“Indeed I am.” His voice is barely audible from where he still lies across from us.
I suddenly have the urge to get up and kiss him.
“Indeed, you do,” he murmurs. I feel him exit my thoughts and the urge intensifies.
The three of us move to our new seats and Lifa immediately pounces on the food, hungry after falling throughout the Realm against her will.
“Now, what makes the Soul Stone so different,” Heimdall continues once we are situated and have scone-like pastries in hand, “is that it is neither a solid nor a liquid.”
“Is it a gas?” I ask.
He thinks for a moment. “Yes and no. The Soul Stone is closer to a gas than a solid or liquid. The best way for you to think of it is as energy, though…it really takes the form of life.”
I blink at him. I want so badly to speak, to ask how, what does that mean for everyone, what does that mean for me? But force my questions to stay inside until he is done speaking. Chances are he will answer some of them.
“Inside every living thing there is an imperceptible amount of Soul Stone. The Soul Stone is the reason everyone is alive, it is the reason for all the plants, animals and insects, for me, you, Loki, and Lifa. It is the reason there is life in the Universe. With every new life, a miniscule amount of the Soul Stone’s energy is passed on. With every death, the bit of the Soul Stone’s energy leaves the deceased to either give life to a new being or reunite with the rest of the Soul Stone.”
“The rest of the Soul Stone?” Lifa asks. This is the first time she’s spoken since she woke up and it makes me jump a little. Her voice is scratchy, so she takes a sip of tea before continuing. “By rest you mean…there’s more than what’s inside…me, and us and…the trees I fell through?”
Heimdall nods. “Yes,” he says. “Although there are trillions of living things throughout the Universe, there is still more Soul Stone than there are beings in need of souls.”
“Will it run out?” I ask, frowning at the scone in my hand.
“It could,” he says, placing his chin in his hand, “but that will be long after all of us are dead because”—he reaches for what looks like a biscuit with chocolate chips in it—“so little of the Soul Stone is needed to provide life that it will take some time, and many lives, to use all of it up. Unless many of those lives possess magic or are like you.” He focuses his gaze on me. 
“Magic?” Loki murmurs from his sofa-bed. 
“Yes. Those who have magic possess slightly more Soul Stone in some form than those who do not. I am able to See all the souls of the Universe because I am in control of more of the Soul Stone than others.” He touches the amber gem in his chest plate. “Now, it is entirely possible for the extra to be inside of you.” He looks at Loki. “What about you, Loki? Is your Soul Stone inside of you? Or do you have a talisman that has been with you for years now, since you were a baby?”
“Perhaps both,” Loki says quietly, eyes flicking from thought to thought.
“You said—” I glance at Loki. His eyes are closed again, but his eyebrows are pulled together tighter than before. “You said ‘like you.’”
“Yes. You seem to carry more within you than anyone I have come across.”
“Is it there for…magic?” I ask. “Or—”
“No,” Heimdall says, clasping his hands and pressing his fingers to his lips for a moment. “No. While you do have magic, the rest that is inside you seems to be—” He stops speaking and frowns at me. 
We look at each other until the silence fills my ears.
“To be what?” I ask.
“To just be,” he says. “I know not why it has chosen to reside within you.”
“So…is it the rest of the Soul Stone then?” 
For a moment, there is a gold pulse beneath all their skin, matching the rhythm of the stone in Heimdall’s chest plate. When I blink, it’s gone before the Need can take over.
“Yes,” Heimdall says, his voice low.
“How?”
“I do not know.”
“Why?”
“I do not know.”
“Can I get it out?” I ask, becoming desperate. “Because, if there’s extra inside of me, that isn’t really a part of me, then it could come out, right?”
“I do not know.”
I stand. “Then what do you know, huh? You’re able to See so many things, but you don’t know any of this?”
“I repeat: I do not know everything,” he says.
“Okay. But what am I supposed to do? If I can’t take it out of me without dying or something, what am I supposed to do? Is it really a part of me? Or is it separate? Do you know that?”
“I never said that to remove it would result in your death. It could, or it could not. I do—"
“You don’t know,” I mutter. I sit back down. I rub my face. I try to steady my breathing.
“Why does the Soul Stone make me…” I trail off, wiping my eyes with my palms.
“While the Soul Stone longs to give life, it also longs to be whole. It is in constant battle with itself: it desires to take back the souls that it has given all of us. And because of this, it can always bring life and death.”
“So, the Need is it wanting to take back the souls,” I say.
“Yes. Since it is inside you, you can control it. With practice, discipline, and patience it will no longer control you.”
Loki lets out a laugh and I glare at him.
“Since he is only out of his cell to teach you magic, I know Loki will be happy to help you master this newfound entity within you,” Heimdall says.
“Of course I will help her.” He sounds angry, but I don’t know who he’s angry at and right now is not the time or place to start asking him questions. “But now we must be leaving. Odin is coming.”
I look over again, about to ask how he can know that with his eyes closed, but a jolt and a shiver streak down my spine when I realize it was the magical copy of Loki that had spoken. Loki—the real Loki—still, in fact, lies with his eyes closed. Lifa and I glance at each other before standing. She takes one last sip of tea and takes a pastry. Then I wrap my arm around her, she quickly chews and swallows the pastry and grips me tightly with her now empty hands.
“Thank you, Heimdall,” I say, smiling a little. “I’m sure I’ll be back…but I’m not entirely sure when—if Odin is here now—”
“I will see you again soon, Freya,” he says. He picks up his helmet, squeezes my shoulder, then takes up his sword. The Seer walks over to Loki and they speak quietly to one another for a few seconds that feel like a few hours.
I’m about to urge Loki to come faster—didn’t you just say we must go?—but he grips Heimdall’s hand, then walks over to us and everything goes black and I instantly regret eating and drinking all the pastries and tea.


***

	I lie on the covers of Loki’s bed, staring up at the high ceiling for what has felt like hours. I suppose it has been hours, though: two have passed since we teleported back to the palace.
Lifa had returned to her family after Loki and I gave them a semi-bullshitted version of the truth. Toril had only nodded, her face grave. She could tell something was wrong; she is a mother after all. And it made me miss Earth more than I had in a long time. Before I had time to dwell on this thought, though, Loki and I were traveling through magical darkness to our so-called neck of the woods.
	Now, both mine and Loki’s doors are barred in hopes that it confuses Odin long enough for us to figure out where to teleport to before the doors break.
But for now, I lie on Loki’s bed and he sits reading. Every so often I feel him glance at me and every time I feel like I’m going to cry, and I don’t know why—well I do, but I can’t pinpoint the exact reason; there are too many.
Another hour passes. Maybe. Loki’s ceiling has turned splotchy as my brain begins to naturally delete what it’s been looking at without interruption.
Another hour passes, maybe, and I hear Loki close his book and stand. But I let my brain delete the ceiling instead of look at him. It’s not until he sits on the bed then lies down next to me, careful not to jostle me or the blankets, that I stop looking at the ceiling and close my eyes.
A second of nothing, then he touches my forehead and brushes some of my hair away from my face, sending tingles dancing over my skin. He continues to brush away hair until he’s just tracing two fingers over my cheeks, chin, lips, so lightly that I can barely feel them even though where they touch leaves a burning heat. I feel his fingertips brush my eyebrows and my eyelids and my eyelashes. He wipes away a tear before continuing. 
“Did you know,” he murmurs, “that you have very faint freckles on your cheeks and nose?” He touches each accordingly. “And here and here”—he touches the skin around my mouth—“is so smooth, yet there are slight creases caused by your laughter and smiles.” He chuckles. “I do not believe I have those.”
I open my eyes, now, and look at him. He moves his hand from my cheek to play with the hair right next to my ear. The skin around his mouth is smooth but he has slight laugh lines. He has freckles on his nose too, but they are so light that I would have to be kissing him to see them better. And on his forehead is a thin scar, a little less than an inch long, in the shape of the raised marking that swoops over that part of his face. It is the only indication that what I am looking at now is not what he really looks like.
“You do,” I say, my voice matching his. “And you deserve to be happy, Loki.”
I brush his lips with my thumb before sliding my palm to the back of his neck and pulling him to me. As my eyes flutter shut, I see clearly all the little freckles that dot his skin and smile against his lips.
That night, I dream of doing more than just kissing Loki. And it is wonderful, amazing, magical, until my dream turns to a nightmare and the Need surges and suddenly we are on the cliff by the sea, the breeze rustling the trees, the waves crashing far away. And Loki is dying at my feet as his soul rejoins the Soul Stone inside me. And I am smiling down at him as the glow under his skin dims to nothing.



Chapter 33

	I wake up with pieces of my hair plastered to my cheeks and forehead. My breathing is ragged, and the memory of the smile is still so fresh in my mind that my cheek muscles almost hurt. Running my hands over my face, I make sure I’m not actually smiling, and roll over, pressing my mouth against a pillow to conceal my sobs. I can’t get the image of Loki’s dying body out of my head. The more I try, the more ingrained it becomes, the more it warps as I forget bits and pieces. Now, as the light fades from under Loki’s skin, he is writhing. He is in pain. His lips move. Forming a single, silent name.
	I fling myself back over to look at him, sleeping next to me, on top of the covers, one arm hanging off the bed, one over his gently breathing chest, everything calm, everything okay. A shudder runs through me and I inhale so sharply that I start coughing. The coughing turns to more sobs and these ones are loud, wanting to be screams. 
I burry my face in the pillow again, trying to muffle the noise, but it’s too late. Next to me, the mattress shifts, and Loki’s arms encircle me, pulling me to him, my back pressed hard against his chest. I wrap my hands around his forearms and hold them against me as hard as I can, my fingertips white against his skin.
“I’m sorry I woke you up,” I whimper.
	“Oh, Freya,” he murmurs against the back of my head. “Oh, my love. What…?” His question trails off and I feel his sigh brush over my hair.
	He touches his forehead to my hair and lets me cry and holds me as I tremble. A few long moments pass, and I feel his thumbs begin to trace gentle lines against my arms. I shift, turning to face him. I look at his bare chest, wiping at my damp cheeks with the back of my hand, then I kiss the skin just below the dip between his collarbones before resting my ear over his heart and closing my eyes. 
His heartbeat is strong, consistent. Definitely not the heartbeat of someone who’s dying. I lay my palm next to my cheek and wait as my breathing calms and my heartbeat tries to match his. Then I remove my hand from his chest and find the back of his neck, sliding my fingers through his hair, and pull his head down as I use my free arm to push myself up. And I kiss him, hard. And he kisses me back, hungrily. 
I feel my entire body tense, and mentally kick myself as Loki pulls away to look at me, eyebrows raised.
	“Freya,” he whispers. “What was your dream?” 
	I touch his cheek, rubbing it with my fingertips and finding it hard to meet his gaze. 
He sits up fully and pulls me up with him.
“Freya,” he repeats, voice prodding.
	I shake my head. My eyes can’t rise farther than the dip between his collarbones. “It was bad,” I whisper. Although I am calmer now, my words still shake. “But it… it wasn’t all bad.” He takes my hand from where it rests, unmoving against his cheek. “But…but it was mostly bad. The bad was the main part of the dream.”
“Perhaps tell me the good part first,” he says, voice soft.
My eyes flick to his.
“So I can soften the blow?” I ask.
“If that’s what you would like to call it,” he says. A small smile pulls at the corners of his lips and it makes me feel like he has a hunch as to what the good parts are. 
“Well, okay,” I mutter. “Softening the blow…” 
“Yes! Yes, go on,” he whispers, a full-blown smile now spreading across his face.
“Okay. Loki. I’m getting there.” I let out a breathy laugh, trying to push away the end of the dream. “So, you were in it, and, uh…” I begin running my index finger over his palm. “We weren’t really anywhere.” I draw a slow triangle with my thumb, connecting the lines that swoop over his palm. “And we were just floating—but, I mean, there must have been a bed.” The muscles in Loki’s hand tighten briefly and I shoot him a half-frown. “So, if there was a bed—which there had to be—it was probably the thing that was floating. Anyway! We were in a floating bed…”
	I’m tracing the triangle faster now and my cheeks fill up with red as the silence grows longer. And just as I’m about to look at him, he speaks, his voice low and thickened by emotions.
	“And,” he says, “what were we doing in the bed?” He brushes some hair from my neck and rests his hand in the crook of my neck.
	I feel numb and hot at the same time, and my head gets suddenly cloudy. And I feel like the bed is rising off the floor. His hand slides down my arm and rests against my hip. And more clouds fill my head and the numbness and heat grows. “We—” It comes out as a gasp, so I clear my throat. “We were…kissing…”
	“My love,” he says, speaking in a way that gives me what I can only describe as minor heart palpitations, “I fear I do not believe you.” His hand plays with the hem of my shirt. “You are having quite some trouble lying, it would seem.” He lets go of my shirt and goes back to trailing his fingers over my side. “So, I repeat, what, exactly, were we doing in the bed?”
	I press my hands to my face and, since one is still holding his, his hand presses against my face as well. I groan into our hands before giving his palm a quick kiss and letting it drop to my lap. “We were doing…” I frown at him, thinking of what to say, “things.” I blink a few times, keeping my face as straight as I can.
	“Things?” he repeats. “Do tell.” The hand that was on my hip has somehow moved to my lower back without me realizing and I feel Loki trying to slide me closer to him.
	“Well,” I say slowly, trying not to let my words dry out on my tongue, “you were…doing things to me…in one fashion or another.” His other hand had reached my back as well and now I am helping him slide me closer.
	“Mhmm.” His smile is so wide, and I can’t tell if it’s in response to what I’m saying or how I’m saying it.
	“And I…was doing things to you…in one fashion or another.”
	“Ah,” he murmurs, smiling. “Things.” I’m on his lap now, our foreheads touching.
	“Yes,” I say, slowly, quietly. “Things—I don’t want to say more…it all ends so badly…”
	He shakes his head a little, grimacing at the last thing I said. “Of course not, and I will not make you say exactly what these things were. But, perhaps,” he says, shifting so that his lips brush my earlobe, “you could show me exactly what it is you are not naming. Because, while I do understand your explanation, it is still quite vague.” He kisses where my jaw meets my neck and I smile. But, when I close my eyes, all I can see is Loki dying at my feet, all I can feel is the memory of my smile.
	I start shaking my head as panic situates itself uncomfortably in my chest and tears prick at the backs of my eyes, trying to break free. My head shakes faster and faster and at some point, the tears break free and fall onto Loki’s skin. At some point Loki holds me, again, as I tremble and as tears fall. But no sounds come out, no sobs, just uncontrolled shaking as my mind holds onto the image of Loki dying. Even with my eyes open, it’s all I can see.
	“In the dream—” I start in a whisper, still shaking, still silently crying. “In my dream…you died, Loki. You died and…and…” The trembling grows, and my head starts to swim just as an invisible hand comes and squeezes my heart and my lungs and my brain. I try to take a breath, to calm everything inside me, but the air can’t leave or enter, and this causes me to panic more. “Loki—” I gasp. “I can’t breathe.” I try to take another breath, but the squeezing only tightens. “Loki—!” 
Loki nods and, carefully but quickly removes himself from underneath me. He stands next to the bed. “Freya, right now,” he says, crouching so that our gazes are even, “you are safe. I am safe. You did not do anything to me.” 
I nod, still trying to breathe properly and failing. 
But what if I do?
“You may, and there is no way to know, now, if that will ever happen. However, in this moment we both are safe.”
I nod again.
“Now, stand up.”
The trembling hasn’t ceased, and I shake my head, worried I might fall.
“I will not let you fall.”
Reaching out my hand, Loki takes it and helps me up. 
“Now, raise your arms.” He raises my arms for me. “And place them here and here—yes good. Now, we must dance.”
Quietly, from somewhere above us, music begins to play. Music that swells and dips like ocean waves.
Loki leads me in slow circles away from his bed, between the sofa and table, past the bookshelves…
…and I can breathe. The tightness in my chest and throat slowly dissipate with each step Loki and I take.
“Thank you,” I whisper, tears falling, now for an entirely different reason. I move closer to Loki and rest my head against his chest. “Thank you.”
“For you, my love, anything” he murmurs. He holds me tighter and I feel him rest his chin lightly on the top of my head.
We continue swaying, spinning and moving as the music continues. My eyes are closed and again, I feel the sensation of floating, but this time, both of us are rising toward the ceiling.
Just then, there is a loud banging on the door. My eyes fly open, my feet hit the floor, the music stops.
“Who’s…?” I frown at Loki.
He shakes his head. “I do not know. It is a bit early for visitors, especially for ones this lou—” More banging drowns out the rest of the word.
“I bet I know who it is,” I mutter, sighing, not wanting to step away from him, let go of the moment. But the moment is already gone, thanks to, who I assume is, Odin. “It’s kind of obvious now.”
Loki lets out sigh as well, but his sounds more like a hiss. He takes my hand and we walk to his closed bedroom door.
“Yes?” Loki calls. He doesn’t try to hide the annoyance in his voice and I smile up at the ceiling, looking for anything that could play music—a speaker, an opening…something, but there’s nothing. It really was just magical music conjured up to help me out of the panic attack I was having. 
My first panic attack in years. 
I wipe away more happy tears as I look at Loki’s annoyed face. 
He knew exactly what to do. 
…Because he was probably reading my thoughts.
“Odin Allfather has ordered the Lady Freya to the Throne Room,” a familiar male voice says.
Is that—?
“Why?”
“That will remain between us and the Allfather.”
Loki and I exchange eye rolls.
“You are saying that even the Lady Freya does not know why she is being summoned?” he asks.
“Ordered,” I whisper.
Loki puts a finger to his lips, and I cross my arms, glaring at him, then at the door.
The guard hesitates. “We were told not to reveal his reasons for calling her.”
“Ordering her, you must mean?”
“Er…y-yes. Ordering.”
“That’s Hagen,” I hiss. “Why’s he here? He should be at the dungeons.”
Loki’s brow furrows as he thinks, rubbing the skin around his mouth with three fingers.
“Well,” he says, distracted. “That is quite unfortunate.”
“Open the door!” a second guard yells.
“Oh, there’s two of you!” Loki calls.
“Three,” the second guard says.
“Of course. Three armed guards are very necessary when it comes to bringing a woman with you to speak to the Allfather. It is only to speak, is it not?” He’s still thinking, about what I’m not sure, but I see his jaw clench and his nose flare.
“Loki, open the door,” the third guard says. 
“Answer my question, please,” Loki says. His eyes have fallen to me and I look at him, nerves dancing in my stomach.
Hagen starts to speak but then comes a grumbling from one of the others.
“We do not wish to use force but will if we need be,” the third guard continues. “And force includes breaking down your door.”
“Why is Hagen here?” Loki asks.
From the other side of the door there’s some muttering and I catch Hagen say, “He knows my name?”
“Because she’s in there telling him, you idiot!” the second guard spits.
I clench my fists and press my arms hard against my chest, trying to tamp down the angry magic that has found its way into my arms. It stops in my elbows, feeling like really terrible muscle cramps.
“Did you not here me?” 
“The Allfather thought the girl would be more likely to accompany us if there was a familiar face escorting her,” the third guard says.
“I suppose that makes sense,” Loki says. “As for the Lady Freya, is she not in her own room?”
“Trust us when we say we have looked in all the obvious places,” the second guard says. He sounds like he’s smiling and it takes all my control not to ask what he means.
“She is nowhere in her room,” he continues. “Nor is she by the dungeons with those two fools. And the little servant girl and her family know not where Freya is.”
“What the hell did they do?!” I hiss. “What the fu—” I barely have enough time to lunge and pull Loki back with me as the door gets splintered from its hinges. The top quarter just misses my feet and lands squarely across Loki’s shins. He lets out a howl and what sounds like a Norse curse.
“Jesus Christ!” I shriek, turning to Loki. “Are you okay?”
“Yes,” he mutters through gritted teeth. “I will be.”
“Thank Norse gods for fast regenerative properties,” I murmur before turning my attention back to the two-and-a-half armed guards who have, very literally, barged into the room (Hagen stands half in the doorway and half out, looking concerned, conflicted and generally like he does not want to be here).
“Hey there, Hagen,” I say, giving him a small wave. “Also,” I get up, “get off the fucking door so Loki can move it off his legs.”
One guard, who I now recognize to be Lidolv from the time Peter came crashing through, steps off the door, but the other, a big, broad-chested man with long, rusty hair pulled away from his face, stays put.
I glare at him. “Off. Please.”
“I’m very happy where I am,” he says, and smiles at me. It’s a cruel smile, and it brings back memories of Malekith, spaceships, needles, how long I’ve been away from home. His looks perfectly match his voice.
“Did you do something to Lifa or her family?” I demand.
He shrugs.
Lidolv catches my eye and shake his head.
“Good, because if you did—”
“You are small, mortal, nothing,” Ragnar says. “I could crush you easily. However, go ahead. Finish your threat.”
“Why are you such an ass—”
“Freya,” Loki says lowly. He stares up at me, flinching a little as his hands work at freeing his legs. “It is not the time.” His voice is quiet and in pain. “I agree, but—not the time.”
“Ragnar!” Lidolv says, voice clipped. “Get off the door, for Valhalla’s sake.”
Ragnar glowers at all of us for a prolonged second before stepping off onto the floor, moving as slowly as he can. As soon as both of Ragnar’s feet are on the floor, Loki almost throws the door off himself. I take a sharp breath when I see his legs. Although they are covered by his pants, I can still see faint indents and lumps caused by bones being crushed or protruding from their normal place. But as soon as I see this, the broken bits begin to heal, making the unnatural shapes disappear, along with the queasiness that has tiptoed into my stomach.
“Thank you,” he sneers.
“My pleasure,” Ragnar says, matching Loki’s tone.
Blood trickles out the bottom of Loki’s pant legs and onto his feet as he gets up. “Ow,” he says dryly, keeping his eyes on Ragnar. “And you’ve made me get blood on the carpet,” he says, looking at his feet.
I glance down and see five circles of reddish-brown growing away from where he stands and staining the gold, green and ivory rug. I’m struck by the sudden realization that I’ve never properly looked at it—or seen it, for that matter. And it’s beautiful. The base color is sage green and its border is ivory white. In the center is a large, golden tangle of lines edged in the same white as the border that look like some variation of a Celtic Knot and around the edges, spiraling over the ivory border are more Celtic Knot lines, ever-connected and never-ending. Loki happens to be standing in center of the rug, bleeding all over the Knot.
“Man,” I mutter, turning to glare at Ragnar some more. “That rug really tied the room together.”
He rolls his eyes, disgusted by my flippant attitude.
“It did,” Loki says with mock sadness. “It really did.”
I feel another pang of homesickness and get hit with a sense of déjà vu as I make a silent, half-hearted promise to not make any more Midgardian jokes or references.
I rub my face with both hands and blow air through puffed cheeks. 
“Okay,” I say, focusing on Hagen, “why does Odin need me?”
Hagen’s eyes flit between the four of us. “The Allfather knows—"
“Shut up!” Ragnar yells. 
Hagen takes a deep, controlled breath, and doesn’t say anything else. 
“Fuck you!” I cry before I can stop myself. “Sorry.” This is directed at Loki. 
Ragnar unsheathes his sword and points it at me. “You are coming with me.”
“Us,” Lidolv corrects, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Not like that, I’m not.”
Loki places a hand on my back. His legs have stopped bleeding and there is nothing showing that his shins were recently crushed by a heavy, wooden door. 
“Threaten her, and you threaten me.”
“Good. I would threaten you directly but going after those one holds dear is much more effective.”
“Do not make this about her!” Loki hisses.
As Ragnar’s face twists in pain and anger, I realize the ‘her’ Loki is referring to is not me.
“It will always be about her,” Ragnar says. His voice is suddenly shaky, about to break. And his eyes glisten for a split second before he blinks. “You are coming with us and I do not care what I have to do to you to get you to the Allfather.”
“Charming,” I mutter, glancing from Loki to Ragnar, still trying to figure out what just passed between these two angry men.
Loki takes a step toward Ragnar, but I grab his hand and pull him back. “Fine,” I say. Although part of me—the smart part—is worried about what Odin wants, I mostly want to get whatever this is over with. 
“Can you,” I say, pointing at Hagen, “at least give me some sort of head up—I mean, warning?”
“Do not answer her,” Ragnar growls.
“You do not command me, Ragnar,” Hagen says, voice low. 
Ragnar, Lidolv, Loki and I all blink at him for a moment, before Ragnar says, “And you do not speak to me that way, Hagen. I am—”
“You are not his superior,” Lidolv mutters. “So, for the love of Odin and the Valkyrie, stop acting so arrogant, Ragnar. And let this man speak or I will tell the Allfather who it was that delayed us with the unnecessary interrogation of an innocent family.”
“He told us not what it is he knows, but it is obvious he knows something,” Hagen says, trying to keep a triumphant smile off his face. “I believe that, whatever will happen, it will not be…very good. I…am sorry.”
I nod, smile, attempt to shoo away the small butterfly of fear that alights on my heart. “Thank you, Hagen.” I start walking toward the door, pulling Loki behind me. “And that was pretty awesome,” I murmur as we pass Hagen. 
“Thank you, Lady Freya.”
“Now, let’s get this over with, I guess.”

***

	We walk into the Throne Room about ten minutes later. When the door bangs closed behind us, all talking stops and about 300 pairs of eyes look at me, pushing my exhale back into my lungs. Some unseen, not very good thing hangs in the air.
	“What the hell is this?” I murmur. Loki is shaking his head ever so slightly, eyes sweeping over the assembly until they land on Odin sitting on the throne. Frigga stands next to him, playing with one of her rings. Thor stands on his other side, helmet on, Mjolnir in his hand. He’d look strong and ready to fight if he wasn’t so…nervous.
	I look around at everyone, those standing by Odin, and the other 293-odd people surrounding us. All of them look nervous. 
	Not very good, indeed.
Sif’s normally stern demeaner is pulled even tighter and her face is ashen. Fandral is far off to the right, almost hidden behind a pillar. When I crane my neck to see him fully, he meets my gaze, mouths the word ‘no,’ and steps further behind the gold and marble.
	The last two of the Warriors Three stand by Thor. Volstagg is not eating and is instead talking to Hogun who is actually showing some emotion—something that looks like a more watered-down version of everyone else’s emotions, but emotion nonetheless.
	“Dear god,” I whisper, watching the two of them with wide eyes. “This isn’t just ‘not very good’… Something terrible is going to happen.”
	“Yes…” Loki breathes. “I believe it is.”
	“I was looking for something a little more reassuring,” I say.
	He shakes his head, shrugging, his gaze still fixed on Odin. 
	Hagen gives my shoulder a reassuring squeeze before he joins more guards, one of whom is Jolgier. He gives me a slight nod.
	“Good, you’re here,” Odin says. His voice, ringing out over the silence only a large room full of people could create, makes me jump. “I was beginning to think you had gotten lost.” He is staring at me with so much intensity that it feels like his second eye has returned and can see me through its golden eye patch.
	“Nope.” The word comes out with a squeak that echoes up into the ceiling and bounces off the pillars.
	He raises his eyebrow at me. “Nope?” he repeats.
	“We did not get lost,” I say, realizing just how hard fear has squeezed my voice. And that’s when I notice Lifa. She is standing off to my left, braid spinning between her fingertips, with her mother, little brother and three other men who must be the rest of her family. Her eyes glisten, and I frown at her. 
“Are you okay?” I mouth. She nods quickly and flaps her hands in a gesture I assume to mean, “I’ll tell you later.”
I take another look around the room. Unless it’s someone I know, every eye I catch either immediately looks away or gives me a pitying stare. Everyone in this room knows more than I do.
	“Loki,” I hiss, tugging on his arm. “Loki, they all—”
	“I know,” he whispers, eyes still focused on Odin.
	When he says this, everything immediately slows but my heart pounds loud and quick in my ears. If I could do more than look at the Allfather and await what could be my death, considering how everyone is acting, I’d run. But my feet are led and running would end in me being dragged back here, with much less ceremony than I was brought here with in the first place.
	Odin stands and my insides drop. 
I am going to throw up.
	“How sensible are you, Freya?” he asks.
	This is not what I expected him to say.
	“How wise?”
	“W-what?” I sputter.
	“How smart?”
	“What are you talking about?” I cry.
	“Well?” he says.
	“Well what? I don’t understand—”
“How smart are you, Freya?”
“What does that have to do with anyth—” I slap my forehead and drag my palm over my face. “Fine! I-I like to think I’m pretty smart. With some things.”
“But not all things it would seem.”
“If you were just going to come to that conclusion, why’d—"
 “Why did you think it smart not to inform me that you are this Amethyst the Dark Elves have been searching for? And why, Freya, who is smart with some things, would you think it wise to not inform your King that the Amethyst is really the Soul Stone?”
I wrack my brain for something to say, but all that comes to mind is: ‘Technically you’re not my King,’ but that wouldn’t help anything, so, instead, I let out a shaky sigh.
“Well?”
“Stop saying ‘well’!” I say under my breath. Then, louder, “I think you and I and everyone in this room know that we had good reason to not tell you.”
As murmuring erupts, he blinks, and his eyebrow raises ever so slightly. They may not be related by blood, but I can see where Loki gets some of his mannerisms. 
“We?” Odin asks.
“Me, Loki, and Eir. And we agreed not to tell you because we didn’t want…this happening.” I motion to everyone watching. “But that was a pretty dumb thing to hope for since you’ve obviously known for a while.”
The voices of hundreds of murmuring people threaten to turn into a roar as Odin’s silence grows.
“I could punish you all,” Odin says finally, silencing the room, “or only the one who initially decided against telling me.” And though his voice is not very loud, it carries over our heads, filling the cavernous room. And as it bounces off the pillars, I hear the slight tremble in his words. He sounds worried, like what he’s about to say brings him some sort of pain. But…
I glance at Loki and see him frowning at his father. I turn my attention to the rest of the room, trying to gauge how many of the 299 others heard the wobble. The only reactions I notice are of those closest to Odin, and, out of the corner of my eye, Lifa is watching me with a frown. Next to Odin, Frigga shifts, meeting my gaze briefly before her eyes dart away. Thor is rubbing his chin with his free hand and talking to Volstagg and Hogun; Sif has disappeared behind the column with Fandral.
“This is…weird…” I whisper.
“Yes,” Loki breaths, “yes, it is.”
“My options,” Odin continues, but his voice trails away as I glance at Loki.
Ever so slowly, emotions shift over his face; furrowed brows and concentration; narrowed eyes and suspicion; realization anger fury.
“You will do no such thing!” he bellows.
I and about a hundred others jump.
What did I miss? I wasn’t listening. I’m about to mentally smack myself when—
“You do not approve of the options I have given?”
“I do not. And I do not care how well you can persuade these imbeciles that what options you have given are the only options.” Loki walks towards the stairs leading to the throne but is stopped when Ragnar and two other guards appear from the crowd. I see Loki’s head swivel to look at the obstacles, like he’s planning which to take out first. But, to my slight surprise, he does nothing. “All I care about is just how much pain you force Freya to endure, and just how easily you are able to excuse it as ‘in the Realm’s best interest’. When you say you plan to either
“So, speak your thoughts, Allfather,” he spits. “Fully and truthfully tell this unnecessarily large congregation how you plan to extract the Soul Stone from within Freya, how you do not know whether it will prove fatal.”
“You’re planning to do what now?” I yell.
Odin shoots off the throne and is halfway down the stairs before he speaks. “Quiet,” he snarls, pointing at Loki. “You know nothing.”
Loki chuckles, raising his arms. “People of Asgard,” he says, voice clear and loud, beginning to spin in a slow circle and making eye contact with as many onlookers as he can. “May you for once hear my words ring with truth: Listen well to what your King has to tell you.” 
The guards move closer to him, brandishing swords, but split seconds after they move, they freeze and lower their weapons. I catch the smirk on Loki’s face before his back is to me.
“Listen…as he assuages your fear and swears protection. Listen…to his promises, to help you, to protect you. His promises of salvation, of the invulnerability of this silly Realm. Let him lull you into a sense of calm and comfort as you feast and dance and worry not about the threats that lay just beyond Heimdall’s Sight.
“But, fair people, these parties, feasts, balls… These are nothing. They are but mere distractions from all the rot underneath this gold and marble. So, listen well to what he says, now and forever, but remember that his words are lies.”
298 pairs of eyes face the King as Loki’s spinning halts and he meets Odin’s rage filled gaze.
“Now, father” —the word drips with more hatred than I have heard coming out of Loki since all the while I’ve known him— “I beg of you. Do tell.”
“Speak again,” Odin says, voice barely audible, “and you will be escorted to the dungeons.”
Loki give him a silent, sweeping bow, and returns to my side.
“You’re going to get yourself killed, you know,” I mutter under my breath.
A slight nod is all I get in response.
There’s another moment of silence as Loki and Odin hold each other’s gaze, daring the other to look away first.
“I believe…that Freya is not telling us all of what happened during her time with the Dark Elves. Tell me, Freya, how is it that Malekith knew just where to find you the day you were supposedly captured?” 
And as everyone looks at me again, I turn to Loki whose mouth is open, eyes are wide, and arms are frozen, mid-cross. This is not what he was expecting Odin to say, and my stomach does its familiar, anxious flip.
“Answer me. Now.”
“I-I don’t know,” I say, my voice low and scratchy.
“What was that?”
	I take a deep breath and let it out slowly, closing my eyes for a second. “I don’t know how Malekith knew where to find me.” My voice is strong and loud. “Dark Elf technology, I’m sure, is much more advance than ours, so I can only assume—”
“How did Malekith know who you were?”
“I don’t know that either. I actually lied to him about my name and he corrected me before shattering all the bones in my forearm. He also said that he only thought I was special so maybe he didn’t even know if I was who he was hoping I was?”
“Why would he tell you this?”
“Villain monologue stuff, I’d guess.” I pause. “He was telling me things to make his victory sweeter. Like, ‘Oh, here is my plan; look how evil I am. Now you know what I’m doing, and I still captured you. I’m so great. Muahaha.’ Like that.”
“And how do I know he told you this? How do I know you are not lying?” Odin asks, seeming to completely ignore what I just said.
I grit my teeth and take another breath. “What is it you’re actually asking me? I mean, I think I know. But c’mon. Cut the bullshit.”
“I have come to the conclusion that you are in league with the Dark Elves.”
Damn it. I was right.
Throughout the Throne Room, I hear gasps and cries of surprise, as well as—to my relief—shouts of protest.
“You’ve come to the conclusion?!” I yell. “How? Everything you’ve said so far just sounds like assumptions. ‘I think you’re lying.’ Why? ‘You are working with the Dark Elves.’ For one, how the hell did you come to that conclusion. And two, why would I do that? They tortured me with needles, and you found me half dead!”
Odin is silent, and I see the fingers of one of his hands worrying at part of his cloak.
“After he captured you, Malekith brought you here,” he says, voice surprisingly quiet. “What reason would he have?”
I open my mouth to interject but he raises his hand, silencing me before I can speak.
“Perhaps, he thought the Amethyst was here and wanted to search for it himself. And, I must admit, that would make sense. But he left you on the floor of the Bifrost. Alone. No one was guarding you, no Elves were waiting to attack any Asgardian who attempted to save you. Malekith would not be that foolish.
“What other reason would he have but this: he wanted someone to save you. He was prepared to leave you here and he went to great lengths to make it look like you were tortured. You were left here either to search for something, to befriend and betray us, to spy, or” —Odin turns his gaze to Loki— “to make allies.”
I can feel the Asgardians’ glares searing holes into my skin, but keep my eyes fixed on the Allfather.
“No,” I whisper, shaking my head. “No.” This time, it’s a shout. “That’s not true! You’re—”
“Why else would you fight to become so close to this…this traitor…this—monster?” For a moment, and only a moment, I hear the tremor reenter his voice, see the hard expression on his face flicker. But only for a moment. “You came here for one or more of these reasons—”
“No!” I yell. 
“You came here to accomplish something under direct orders from the Dark Elves—
“No!” 
“—from Malekith—”
“NO!” I scream. “NO! That’s not true. Stop lying. Please.”
“However, whatever exact reason, whatever your motive, your plans will ultimately bring harm to Asgard and to the Nine Realms—”
I feel someone—a guard—take hold of my arm and pull me away from Loki.
“—and, as Allfather—”
A second guard grabs the other. Together, they hold my arms uncomfortably behind my back.
“—protector of the Nine Realms—”
“Let her go,” Loki growls, voice low. He flicks his wrists to his sides, conjuring two gleaming daggers.
“—it is my duty to do whatever necessary to ensure the safety of my people.”
“Did I not make myself clear?” Loki bellows. “Let her go. Now!” He lunges. 
But, as he does, Ragnar swings his sword. Loki lets out a pained wail and stumbles back, shoulder gushing red.
“Oooh,” he says quietly, “I do not mind killing you.”
“I know,” Ragnar says, smiling. 
And, with a loud thump, Loki crumples. Behind him, Lidolv stands, the hilt of his sword where Loki’s head had been.
“Take him to the dungeons,” Odin says.
I want to scream, to cry, but, instead, I take a deep breath and focus on bringing magic into my palms.
“Stop her.”
Something pricks my neck and, just like that, my magic dissolves, leaving me feeling empty.
“Take her to her room.” Odin’s voice is almost a whisper. “Lock and guard all exits. She must be watched at all times. There will be no visitors.”
The two guards holding me begin to pull me back.
“Wait!” I scream. “Wait, wait. Please, wait.” Odin raises his hand and the guards pause. “How—how am I supposed to practice? How am I supposed to learn to control my magic if I can’t use it?” I can’t stop glancing at Loki, lying on the floor, limbs splayed. “I just learned that I’m the Amethyst or…the Soul Stone…or…whatever…and even—even if I was working with Malekith, I wouldn’t have had any time to send him a message. How could I? I don’t have any means of doing that. He doesn’t know what I am. He didn’t know then. And—”
“You are wrong,” the Allfather says. And the pulling—no—the dragging continues.
“Why are you doing this?” I cry, tears streaking down my cheeks, threatening to clog my speech. “You don’t want to—I can tell. So, why? You promised to protect me. Why would you promise that? If I was—” A sob cuts through my words. “If I was working with the Dark Elves, why would you promise that? Do you take your promise back?” Another sob. “Do you? Tell me! Do you take it back?”
Odin is silent and for a moment, his face softens. Then, he turns and ascends the stairs.
“Do you?” I whisper.
There’s a grunt from Loki’s direction and I see him shift. Slowly, he pushes himself up to his feet. As he flips the hair away from his face, clutching his still bleeding shoulder, I see a metal disk shining on his neck.
“He wants the Soul Stone for himself,” he says, glowering at everyone. “Your king is turning you against—” 
Ragnar’s fist collides with Loki’s jaw, and, again, he falls. Ragnar stands over him, winks at me and jams his heal into Loki’s wounded shoulder. 
Mine and Loki’s screams get drowned out as chaos erupts. My knees buckle and the guards are forced to actually drag me across the marble.
“Let me go!” I scream, but even I can’t hear myself. “Let me go, let me go let me go!”
 The last thing I see before the doors close is Loki being carried off and Odin sitting, heavily, back down in his chair, forehead coming to rest in his hand.
