Whats past is past, nothing can change that. But the future can be different if we choose to make it so. We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about. This is no time for complacency, hope lies in the action we take.
Being too self-centred can give rise to anxiety and depression. An effective antidote is to cultivate a sense of altruism, taking the whole of humanity into account. Appreciating the oneness of humanity leads us to recognise our essential equality as human beings.
I dont think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world. Remember, we all survive in dependence on others.
Climate change affects everyone, all nations, not just one or two. Consider it a global issue; national interests will automatically be met.
There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings.
Freedom is the very source of creativity for both individuals and society.
I am a man of religion, but religion alone cannot answer all our problems.
Since we all belong to this world, we must try to adopt a good attitude worldwide, a good feeling for our fellow brothers and sisters.
The distinction between violence and non-violence lies less in the nature of the action and more in the motivation with which it is done.
Not only is it the case that happy people are more willing to help others, but as I generally point out, helping others is the best way to help yourself, the best way to promote your own happiness. It is you, yourself, who will receive the benefit.
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.
Ethics are not a collection of commandments and prohibitions to abide by, but a natural inner offering that can bring happiness and satisfaction to ourselves and others.
In addition to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achieve inner peace.
Cultivating love advances the wish that living beings deprived of happiness meet with happiness and its causes.
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
Moral ethics are the basis of world peace.
Since climate change and the global economy now affect us all, we have to develop a sense of the oneness of humanity.
What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense.
We need to understand that material development by itself it doesnt bring peace of mind. This can only be developed within the mind.
HHDL is in Rishikesh, India, today to participate in activities associated with his commitment to promote religious harmony.
When you have peace of mind, it's easier to cope with problems. Real change will come about not as a result of prayer, but of using intelligence and taking action.
In order to create a happy century, a peaceful century we must promote the concept of dialogue.
If love is defined as a wish that others be happy and compassion as the wish that they be free from suffering, and you cultivate love and compassion within yourself, it will ensure happiness, good health and peace of mind.
Lack of contentment sows the seed of envy and aggressive competitiveness and leads to a culture of excessive materialism.
In order to use human intelligence properly our mind should be calm.
We can make this a more peaceful century if we cherish non-violence and concern for others well-being.
If we develop a good heart, then whether the field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is important these will all improve
A sense of contentment is a key factor for attaining happiness.
When we set about cultivating those basic inner values which we all appreciate in others, then we start to live spiritually.
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.
Different religious traditions can live together on the basis of mutual admiration, mutual respect, and learning from each other.
Always embrace the common humanity that lies at the heart of us all.
If we change inside and disarm ourselves by dealing constructively with negative thoughts and emotions, we can literally change the world.
Using harsh words reflects narrow-mindednessto be happy and joyful we need friends. Friendship is based on trust and treating others kindly
There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.
When we wish to help others and try to do so, our attitude is more positive and relationships become easier.
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share.
As we develop more love for others, well have more confidence in ourselves; the more courage we have, the more relaxed and serene well be.
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
Love and compassion arising with a clear recognition of the importance and rights of others will reach even those who would do you harm.
Alongside our natural ability to empathize with others, we also have a need for others kindness.
Kindness and a good heart are the underlying foundation for success in this life and making progress on the spiritual path.
Whether we are happy or not depends on our attitude; compassion, for instance, leads to a calmer mind.
As a human being Im aware that we are all physically, mentally and emotionally the same and we all want to live a happy life. Scientists say our basic nature is compassionate. Its clear that love and affection bring people together.
The practice of compassion and altruism brings us peace of mind. Even if we face trouble or someone is critical of something weve said or done, compassion enables us to feel grateful to them. Compassion is the best counter measure to anger, anxiety and so forth.
We need to consider how our actions, in affecting the environment, are likely to affect others.
Its not just money we need to lead a happy life; more important is to find inner peace.
By being inattentive to the needs of others, inevitably we end up harming them.
I often ask myself what is the purpose of our lives and I conclude that life's purpose is to be happy. We have no guarantee what will happen in the future, but we live in hope. That's what keeps us going.
Compassion is the essence of a spiritual lifeto be successful in practicing love and compassion, patience and tolerance are indispensable.
Mahatma Gandhi's vision of a clean and tidy India has become the vision of millions of Indians whove joined #JanAndolan and helped #SwachhBharatMission to unprecedented success. This is not the end but the start of a new journey toward a #plasticfree India & a plastic free world
In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is take care of others.
Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony.
Peace can only be achieved through non-violence. This is something we have to train and educate our children to put into effect.
Enemies teach us inner strength, courage and determination.
Because of our intelligence we human beings are uniquely capable not only of creating problems, but of doing so on a large scale. Therefore, it is important that we use our intelligence in constructive ways. Thats what warm-heartedness and concern for others lead us to do.
We can achieve peace of mind if we tackle our destructive emotions, so the goal of making the 21st century an era of peace and compassion is feasible. It will involve finding solutions to problems in dialogue, not the use of force.
If we want spiritual development, the practice of patience is essential.
The aim of spiritual practice is to transform and perfect our motivation and mental disposition, so we can become better human beings.
Insofar as the destructive effects of anger and hateful thoughts are concerned, one cannot get protection from wealth nor education. The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.
Once you realize that compassion is useful, that it is something really worthwhile, you immediately develop a willingness to cultivate it.
Anger can be reduced if we work to cultivate love and affection. However, we first have to come to terms with whatever benefits or disadvantages anger may bring. Primarily, anger destroys our peace of mind; loving-kindness earns us friends and eliminates the risk of being alone.
From the first day of our life until our last breath, the very foundation of our existence is affection and human warmth.
A compassionate person creates a warm, relaxed atmosphere of welcome and understanding around him.
Pay more attention to compassion and youll find youre happier. Its that practical and simple.
When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of shyness or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced.
Love, kindness, compassion and tolerance are qualities common to all the great religions, and whether or not we follow any particular religious tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone.
The very purpose of spiritual practice is to help others.
If we make a steady effort, I think we can overcome any form of negative conditioning and make positive changes in our lives.
It is vital that when educating our childrens brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.
When you have moistened your mind with love, you can begin to meditate on compassion.
The more we are compassionate, the more we provide for our own happiness.
If we continue to approach problems from the perspective of temporary expediency, future generations will face tremendous difficulties.
In general I think that anger is a sign of weakness and tolerance a sign of strength.
When patience is combined with the ability to discriminate between the action and the one who does it, forgiveness arises naturally.
HHDL left Dharamsala today for Bhopal, India where he will speak on human rights and universal responsibility tomorrow at the State Assembly
The most important thing is to have a sense of responsibility, commitment, and concern for each of our fellow human beings.
While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters thisand through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions.
If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly.
When our mind is calm, were better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.
Human beings are social animals and it is love that brings us together, while anger drives us apart. To live more peacefully and joyfully in our day to day lives, we need a warm heart.
Peace has much to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others.
It would help if there were greater understanding that anger never helps to solve a problem.
An open heart is an open mind.
Its good to remember that other human beings are like us. We are born the same way; we die the same way. While were alive its better to be able to trust each other as friends. We earn other peoples trust when we show a genuine concern for their well-being.
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
A secular person can be spiritual: compassion is for everyone to practice.
A meaningful life isn't about acquiring money and other facilities; its about dedicating your life to helping others as much as you can.
No matter what our situation, we all share the same aspiration for happiness.
True compassion isnt just an emotional response, its a firm commitment founded on reason, which doesnt change if others behave badly.
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
We cannot be loving and compassionate unless at the same time we curb our own harmful impulses and desires.
Scientists declare that it's human nature to be compassionate. All living beings who experience feelings of pleasure and pain ultimately survive as a result of love and compassion. If we human beings help each other, serve each other, with compassion, we'll be happy.
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. Despite all the characteristics that differentiate us - race, language, religion, gender, wealth and many others - we are all equal in terms of our basic humanity.
Genuine happiness comes from focusing on the happiness of others.
My dedication is to serve the 7 billion human beings on this planet and the other creatures with whom we share it. If you can, help and serve others, but if you cant at least dont harm them; then in the end you will feel no regret.
Anger may bring extra energy, but it eclipses the best part of our brain: its rationality. The energy of anger is almost always unreliable.
We are now so interdependent that it is in our own interest to take the whole of humanity into account.
Today, HHDL took part in a ceremony to mark the launch of an encyclopedia on Hinduism in Haridwar, India.
We can develop patience and change our attitudes through steady practice - the human mind has such potential.
The essence of all spiritual life is your emotion, your attitude to others. Once you have pure and selfless motivation, all the rest follows
The moment you think of others, your mind widens.
There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm. On the surface we may get upset, but it makes a difference if we are able to stay calm in the depths of our minds.
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesnt mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you cant do that, at least not harming them.
The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.
Through developing an attitude of responsibility toward others, we can begin to create the kinder, more compassionate world we all dream of.
The efforts we make sincerely to transform ourselves spiritually are what make us genuine practitioners.
Patience as we wait to take action is a kind of compassionate mind. Impatience on the other hand can be a source of failure.
If you have a warm heart and you care for others you'll be happy and the community in which you live will be happier too.
Motivation is very important. We can show love, respect for others, and honesty in whatever we do to help humanity.
Today HHDL gives a public talk on Ethics for the New Millennium organized by the University of Maribor, in Maribor, Slovenia
As individuals and nations become increasingly interdependent, we have no choice but to develop a sense of universal responsibility.
Compassion is a true source of happiness.
Compassion is something really worthwhile. It is not just a religious or spiritual subject, not a matter of ideology. It is not a luxury, it is a necessity.
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others.
Kindness and compassion give rise to self-confidence, which in turn empowers us to be honest, truthful and transparent.
Compassion brings us peace of mind. It brings a smile to our face and genuine smiles bring us closer together.
Even our personal virtues, such as patience and our sense of ethics, are all developed in dependence upon others.
There needs to be a systematic approach to introducing inner values, a warm-hearted concern for all human beings, into education.
One may practice religion or not, but so long as we seek happiness and continue to live in society, love and affection are indispensable
When we wake up we can remind ourselves - "I need to be happy, I need to have warm feelings towards others."
If those of you who are young today are going to fulfil a vision for a happier, more peaceful future in this world, you need to learn to live each day in a more meaningful way. You need to sharpen your human intelligence through study, but you also need to develop a warm heart.
Now were so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a source of trouble.
Friendship depends on trust and trust grows when we live our lives honestly and sincerely, cultivating respect and concern for others.
I regard a compassionate, warm, kindhearted person as healthy. If you maintain a feeling of compassion, loving kindness, something automatically opens your inner door, through which you can communicate much more easily with other people  you'll find that they are just like you.
You must not consider tolerance and patience to be signs of weakness. I consider them signs of strength.
I feel I am just another human being, a part of the world in which I live. Therefore, Im never lonely. I think of whoever I meet as being the same as me. We dont need to be introduced. If they have two eyes, one nose and a mouth, I think of other people as being human like me.
Time is always moving on, Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time properly or not. We cant do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now.
Education today needs not only to develop our intelligence, but also to support basic human values of warm-heartedness and compassion.
While revenge weakens society, forgiveness gives it strength.
Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these feelings, society will face tremendous difficulties.
Whenever I meet someone I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them.
Warm-heartedness and concern for others are a part of human nature and are at the core of positive human values.
If were motivated by a genuine sense of universal responsibility our relations with the environment and our neighbors will be more balanced
Compassion and love are the source of all spiritual qualities: forgiveness, tolerance, all the virtues.
As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust. And trust grows when we show real concern for others well-being.
I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We werent born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit.
Not only do we inherently possess the potential for compassion but I believe that the basic, underlying nature of human beings is gentleness
Generate great compassion, and you become a friend to the world.
Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being. Therefore, just as we learn the importance of physical hygiene to physical health, to ensure healthy minds, we need to learn some kind of emotional hygiene.
We all have the potential to develop unbiased love and concern for other human beings.
What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense.
The more adept we are in cultivating altruism, the happier we will be and the better the atmosphere we will create around us.
A skillful, balanced approach is helpful for one's physical and emotional health, and it applies to one's spiritual growth as well.
If we adopt a conscious discipline we can weaken a negative emotion, such as anger, by encouraging its antidote, love and compassion.
To make this a century of dialogue we need to find ways to promote a greater awareness of the oneness of humanity.
I really feel that some people neglect and overlook compassion because they associate it with religion. Of course, everyone is free to choose whether they pay religion any regard, but to neglect compassion is a mistake because it is the source of our own well-being.
Together with material development, we need spiritual development so that inner peace and social harmony can be experienced.
It's not what work we choose to do, the crucial point is doing it with a positive and altruistic motivation.
We all like to be around kind people; their peaceful, relaxed nature puts us at ease.
The ultimate factor determining whether we have a healthy mind and a healthy body lies within.
When we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on others' well-being, inevitably we end up hurting them.
Here and now in the 21st century, with the help of what scientists have learned about the brain, we need to learn how to achieve peace of mind. This is crucial, since world peace can only be built by individuals who are at peace with themselves.
If developing qualities like love, compassion, generosity and patience, is to be effective, we must put them into practice in our daily life
By studying others viewpoints, it is possible for us to discover new and refreshing perspectives on the world  including our own life.
The potential for altruistic action lies in all of us, and it is possible on a daily basis for anyone.
If you restrain from wrong-doing, people will see you as a friend and youll be happy. When people are powerful and wealthy, but dishonest, people dont like them, even if they dont show it to their faces. If you do good, youll have friends and when youre gone youll be missed
Cultivating warm-heartedness and compassion is something we can all do.
Regarding other human beings as our brothers and sisters can make our lives happier and more meaningful. Some people think that when we cultivate compassion and affection for others only they benefitin fact, we ourselves derive great benefit and satisfaction from such conduct
Friendship doesnt depend on fame, money or physical strength. Its based on trust and trust depends on love and affection.
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear recognition of our shared status as human beings.
I believe that our underlying or fundamental nature is gentleness, and intelligence is a later development.
We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.
We cant overcome anger and hatred by simply suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate their antidotes - patience and tolerance.
Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, theres no room for cheating, bullying or exploitation.
Without inner peace, without inner calm, it is difficult to find lasting peace.
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
What we do need to do is to find ways to incorporate advice about warm-heartedness into our education system.
The aim of spiritual and therefore ethical practice is to transform and perfect the individuals motivation and mental disposition.
On World Environment Day  global responsibility and a proper inner environment within each of us will contribute to the conservation and protection of our common mother, the Earth, ensuring the survival of life as we know it, in all its diversity, beauty and sustainability.
Open hearts encourage a sense of security and trust that is the basis of genuine friendship, which is to everyone's benefit.
I want to show that there are indeed some universal ethical principles which could help everyone to achieve the happiness we all aspire to.
Reflect on the value of inner versus outer wealth; in our world, there is a new awareness of our inner life and its worth.
An authentic attitude of compassion doesn't change, even faced with another person's negative behavior.
We need to relate to each other out of compassion, with a sense of connection to each other and a deep recognition of our common humanity.
I always try to share with others the idea that in order to become compassionate it is not necessary to become religious.
In our daily life, tolerance and patience have great benefits: developing them will allow us to sustain and maintain our presence of mind.
Since loving kindness is the basis of a happy life, Its my number one commitment to promote awareness of the importance of warm-heartedness
As human beings, we have a common responsibility to build a more peaceful society.
If we start now and make the effort, we can make the world a more peaceful place. We have to try.
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesnt mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you cant do that, at least not harming them.
Wherever I go I talk to people about the need to be aware of the oneness of humanity.
Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as them but us.
We do not need to reflect too long before we realize that all beings spontaneously look for happiness and try to avoid suffering.
The real source of inner strength and self-confidence is warm-heartedness.
Once they are properly developed, the mind's good qualities increase indefinitely.
The ultimate source of happiness is not money and power, but warm-heartedness.
I consider non-violence to be compassion in action. It doesnt mean weakness, cowering in fear, or simply doing nothing. It is to act without violence, motivated by compassion, recognizing the rights of others.
In our day to day life warm-heartedness is the key factor for happiness.
When we act under the influence of negative thoughts and emotions, we become oblivious to the impact our actions have on others.
Ours is a globalized world. Climate change affects us all; no one can hide from it. The global economy means we need to think of other people as members of one global family. This is why we need humane values based on common sense and common experience in our education systems.
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to base all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
A more peaceful world and a more peaceful century require that we rely not on weapons but on developing a widespread inner peace.
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
If we want to see a more peaceful world, we have to learn to collaborate. Young people shouldnt follow previous patterns of behaviour. New conditions, like our interdependent, globalised world, require new ideas. Dividing people into us and them is out of date.
The ultimate source of comfort and peace is within ourselves.
Genuine peace is based on inner peace, because you cannot build peace on the basis of anger.
Violence is not so much about the use of weapons as about the motive we have in our hearts. External disarmament will only be achieved if we first achieve inner disarmament. World peace will only be won on the basis of inner peace  achieving that is our #PeaceDayChallenge
Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us train our minds, overcome our negativities and fulfill our inner potential.
Sometimes we feel we cant do much by ourselves, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can shape our communities and our communities form our nations. Together we can make a better world.
Tackling destructive emotions and practicing loving-kindness is how we should live in the here and now. I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
Despite the superficial differences between us, we need to have a sense that all 7 billion human beings belong to one human family.
Certain desires are positive: a desire for happiness; for peace; for a more harmonious and friendlier world.
HHDL offers his condolences to the people of Poland for the loss of President Kaczynski and all the others who died in the tragic air crash.
Modern education pays little attention to inner values and yet our basic human nature is compassionate. We need to incorporate compassion and warm-heartedness into the modern education system to make it more holistic.
We find that when we act out of concern for others, the peace this creates in our own hearts brings peace to everyone we associate with.
Some scientists have found evidence to show that basic human nature is compassionate. This is a really hopeful sign.
Compassion enhances our self-confidence because a calm mind allows our marvellous human intelligence to bloom. When were angry, our thinking is distorted and we dont see the different aspects of reality. A calm mind enables us to take a broader, more realistic view.
Anger destroys our peace of mind and causes trouble. It also hampers our ability to function properly.
Genuine friends, are attracted by a warm heart, not money, not power. A genuine friend considers you as just another human being, as a brother or sister, and shows affection on that level, regardless of whether you are rich or poor, or in a high position; that is a genuine friend
For mental peace,  one of the most important factors is compassion and affection, a sense of caring.
Common sense shows you the value of warmheartedness.
Whether technology's effect is good or bad depends on the user. It's important that we shouldn't be slaves to technology; it should help us.
Fear and anxiety easily give way to anger and violence. The opposite of fear is trust, which, related to warm-heartedness, boosts our self-confidence. Compassion also reduces fear, reflecting as it does a concern for others well-being. This is what really attracts friends.
Everyone wants to lead a happy life, a meaningful life. In order to fulfil this goal our practice should be realistic.
Disturbing emotions not only disturb our own state of mind, they also disturb the minds of others.
Its our responsibility to work with vision, determination and wisdom to create a happier, more peaceful world. We need to take action, while respecting others and their needs, considering all 7 billion human beings alive today as belonging to one human family. #PeaceDayChallenge
Anger destroys our peace of mind and our physical health. We shouldnt welcome it or think of it as natural or as a friend.
Peace is not brought about through conflict, but through compassioncreating peace of mind within ourselves. We all need compassion and women can take a lead role in encouraging others to let it flower within them. My own first teacher of kindness and compassion was my mother.
The more we truly desire to benefit others, the more strength and confidence we develop and the deeper the peace and happiness we experience
Human happiness depends on taking others into account.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible.
The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater our own sense of well being becomes.
Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others  this is the real practice of religion.
To serve others and not only to secure their welfare, but also to avoid harming them, is the standard of a meaningful life.
Its important is to show children affection to give them a sense of security and the ability to be affectionate for the rest of their lives
Through thoughtful contemplation, coming to appreciate compassion and love, our mental attitudes can gradually change.
If you show concern for others and respect for their rights you will establish trust; and trust is the basis of friendship.
You need self-confidence and determination: feeling depressed and losing hope will never really help to correct any situation.
Today, let us wish each other a Happy New Year, but also that we may make it meaningful.
To meet this centurys challenges, human beings need a greater sense of universal responsibility.
In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is to take care of others.
What we find is that the more we develop concern for others' well-being, the easier it becomes to act in others' interests.
Warm-heartedness gives rise to the self-confidence and inner strength that supports a calm mind.
Its unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved only on the basis of prayer, what we need is to take action.
When we begin to develop a genuine appreciation of the value of compassion, our outlook on others begins automatically to change.
Compassion brings inner peace and whatever else is going on, that peace of mind allows us to see the whole picture more clearly.
Peace does not come through prayer, we human beings must create peace.
When I heard scientists say they had evidence that basic human nature is compassionate, I thought, 'Theres real hope.'
Controlling our desire for more, learning to live within realistic limits, is not only in our own interest. Its also necessary if we are to overcome the challenges to life on Earth that our incessant quest for more generatessince the material resources of this planet are finite
Our aim in seeking ways of transforming our thoughts and emotions is to find a more wholesome and fulfilling way of living.
Universal concern is essential in solving global problems.
A source of trouble is our unruly minds. We can counter that by developing a warm heart. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy.
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.
We need to think of each other as true brothers and sisters, concerned for each others welfare.
The basic foundation of humanity is compassion and love. This is why, if even a few individuals simply try to create mental peace and happiness within themselves and act responsibly and kind-heartedly towards others, they will have a positive influence in their community.
The first of my personal commitments is to work to increase human happiness by encouraging the cultivation of inner values and a sense of concern for others well being. These are the key factors whether one is a religious person or not.
Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength.
I think that cultivating positive mental states like kindness and compassion definitely leads to better psychological health and happiness.
For me the best introduction is the human face. When I see two eyes, one mouth, one nose, I know Im dealing with another human being like me. Im like those young children who dont care about their companions background so long as they smile and are willing to play.
The more we feel concern for others and seek their well-being, the more friends we will have and the more welcome we will feel.
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.
Friends, genuine friends, have much more to do with whether we have a warm heart, not money or power.
Building trust depends on concern for others and defending their rights, not doing them harm.
If you serve others as fully as you can, what you do will be a source of inner joy.
In our world today, were heavily dependent upon each other. Its essential, therefore, that we cooperate with one anotherthen well be able to solve many problems. Good relations, heart to heart, are important and necessaryeverything depends upon our having a good motivation.
Negative thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. In fact, when we think properly, it is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them.
Friendship depends on trust and trust depends on having a strong sense of concern for the welfare of others. Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination. Think of what the future can be, not what happened in the past.
If we have respect and concern for other beings, well be able to create an atmosphere of happiness, harmony and real brotherhood
We have to learn how to use our time properly. It's important to make our lives meaningful. Bullying and cheating others may give a short-term return, but leaves a nagging sense of unease. Money doesn't yield real satisfaction, whereas compassion does.
Compassion is the ultimate source of success in life.
Altruism is the spirit out of which we choose to take action and give
help that brings others happiness.
Im Tibetan, Im Buddhist and Im the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people.
Don't blame others for your uneasy feelings; blame your own state of mind. This is why altruism brings you greater peace of mind.
Women have been shown to be more sensitive to others' suffering, whereas, warriors celebrated for killing their opponents are almost always men. We need to see more women in leadership roles and more closely involved in education about compassion. #InternationalWomensDay
People face difficulties in many parts of the world, but since all seven billion of us live on this one planet we should be united and stand in solidarity with each other. When this blue planet is viewed from space, there are no national boundaries to be seen.
I am convinced that everyone can develop a good heart and a sense of universal responsibility with or without religion.
We have to put effort into being honest, truthful and compassionate towards others.
Compassion and love are qualities that are of tremendous importance for the individual, society, and the community at large.
This Earth Day we need a greater sense of global responsibility based on our belonging to one human family.
When you have a more compassionate mind, everything appears to you in a more positive light. If we employ our human intelligence with warm-heartedness, it creates a happy atmosphere and fosters a happy community.
Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind. Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions.
It seems wrong to think kindness is exclusively the business of religion; something to be neglected if one isnt interested in spirituality.
We need a genuine sense of responsibility and a sincere concern for the welfare of others.
I believe a proper use of our time is to serve others if we can or at least refrain from harming them. That is the basis of my philosophy.
To achieve peace of mind its important to have patience and its people who are hostile and antagonistic rather than our friends who teach us patience. Its not difficult to make your friends smile, but bringing a smile to your enemys face is a real achievement.
To the extent that suffering awakens our empathy and causes us to connect with others, it can serve as the basis of compassion and love.
Everyone can practise non-violence, it only calls for determination. If you succeed, it will open the way to a far more peaceful world.
The young people of this 21st century represent our planet now. They have the ability to bring about change. Even as climate change increases in intensity, they can work together in the spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood to find and share solutions. They are our real hope.
The future can be different if we choose to make it so. There is no time for complacency, hope lies in what action we take.
If we have no inner peace, we deceive ourselves into thinking that comfort and prosperity will bring happiness.
Our potential for positive and negative emotions is the same, but intelligence is our special quality. Use it well; be successful and happy.
Non-violence is when one has the chance to harm another but resists from doing so, this is genuine non-violence.
Love and compassion are the pillars of world peace.
I have made a commitment to work until I die to raise awareness that the source of happiness, warm-heartedness, lies within us.
In order to exercise creativity, freedom of thought is essential.
A holistic view brings realistic action.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Whatever steps, however small, one can take towards learning to reduce the influence of the negative emotions can be very helpful.
If you have a sincere and open heart, you naturally feel self-worth and confidence, and there is no need to be fearful of others.
The ultimate source of a happy life is warmheartedness. Even animals display some sense of compassion. When it comes to human beings, compassion can be combined with intelligence. Through the application of reason, compassion can be extended to all 7 billion human beings.
A person who practices compassion and forgiveness has great inner strength, whereas aggression is usually a sign of weakness.
Even modern medical researchers have come to the conclusion that peace of mind is vital for good health.
Without a sense of equanimity, unbiased love and compassion cannot even get started.
Peace in the world depends on our relating to each other with compassion.
The quality of everything we do: our physical actions, our verbal actions, and even our mental actions, depends on our motivation.
A good way to work for a more peaceful world is to develop concern for others.
Just as we teach about physical hygiene in the interest of good health, we now need to teach about mental or emotional hygiene too.
In the biggest sense, environmental education means learning to maintain a balanced way of life.
Virtually all of us have benefited from our mothers affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection.
Human beings are social creatures, and a concern for each other is the very basis of our life together.
Our real guide is our own mind, our sense of reason.
If we can refrain from harming others in our everyday actions and words, we can start to give more serious attention to actively doing good.
Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively.
Compassion creates a positive, friendly atmosphere.
The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We werent born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others.
Through constant training we can enhance our positive attitudes and thoughts and reduce their opposing negative attitudes.
When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity.
It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives.
Inner peace helps sustain good health, gives rise to happy individuals, happy families, happy communities and ultimately a happy humanity.
Compassion and love are precious things in life.  They are not complicated: they are simple, but difficult to practice.
Finding common ground among faiths can help us bridge needless divides at a time when unified action is more crucial than ever.
We can no longer keep exploiting the resources of this earth-the trees, the water and the minerals-without any care for the coming generations. It is common sense that we cannot survive if we keep working against nature. We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
The opponent of peace of mind is not something external, but within us.
We may sometimes feel that we cant do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference.
When we are committed to honesty, we help reduce the level of misunderstanding, doubt, and fear throughout society.
As idealistic as it may sound, altruism, not just competition and the desire for wealth, should be a driving force in business.
We experience happiness on a sensory level that is relatively short-lived. But lasting happiness is related to our state of mind.
If you have love and compassion towards all living beings, particularly toward your enemy, that is true love and compassion.
If you dedicate yourself to helping others, youll be happier.
It is my hope that the twenty-first century will be a century when a more caring, responsible, and compassionate humanity will emerge.
From my own experience I can tell you that when I practice altruism and care for others, it immediately makes me calmer and more secure.
A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness.
I think that ethical behavior is another feature of the kind of inner discipline that leads to a happier existence.
You may control people physically by force, but you wont change their hearts and mindsthat requires trust and friendship.
Being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.
The most important benefit of patience consists in the way it acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger.
I believe that our every act has a universal dimension.
It is evident that to help others rather than harming them, treating them with love and compassion leads to lasting trust and friendship.
Without love, our society is in a very difficult state; in the future, we will face tremendous problems. Love is the center of human life.
It is important to understand that between you and others, others are more important because they are far more numerous.
When we have an altruistic motivation, all our actions become constructive.
In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
Lets reflect on what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. We need to be positive. We weren't born to cause trouble or to do harm to others. For life to be of value, we must develop basic good human qualitieswarmth, kindness, compassion.
The practice of love can be expressed in one sentence: Do not harm others.
If youre angry and resentful its like being part of a chain reaction; forgiveness puts a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge.
Money and power attract friends. But its not you theyre friends with  just your money and power. Only affection brings genuine friends.
We all have troublesome emotions as well as the positive ones that bring us inner strength and tranquillity. Its important for us to be aware of our potential and let this inspire our self-confidence. To look only at the negative side and feel hopeless, is, I think, a wrong view
If you want change, create the causes.
As human beings we need to assess whether anger has any value - it destroys our peace of mind. Compassion, on the other hand, brings optimism and hope.
When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment.
Anger, jealousy, impatience, and hatred are the real troublemakers, with them problems cannot be solved.
Non-violence is a sign of strength, self-confidence and truth.
We are all part of the human community.
Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open.
For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities  warmth, kindness, and compassion.
To my way of thinking, the diversity that exists among the various religious traditions is enormously enriching.
Placing all our hope on material development is clearly mistaken; the ultimate source of happiness is within us.
Today, when we face problems or disagreements, we have to arrive at solutions through dialogue.
People in every part of the world are fed up with violence; increasingly people are looking for ways to create peace.
There is an urgent need for Indias traditions of non-violence and compassion in todays world, which is still riven by fighting and killing, sometimes even in the name of religion. We have the potential from birth to develop inner values like compassion that yield peace of mind
Serving and helping others out of compassion is non-violence in action.
Perhaps the most significant obstruction to inter-religious harmony is a lack of appreciation of the value of others' faith traditions.
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.
It is worth saying over and over that ethical discipline entails more than just restraint. It also entails the cultivation of virtue.
Unfortunate events, though potentially a source of anger and despair, have equal potential to be a source of spiritual growth.
So long as we are under the control of disturbing emotions, real happiness is hard to find.
I am a bit skeptical about what we call blessings. I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore, the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health.
HHDL traveled to Delhi today to deliver the 3rd Annual Mother Teresa Memorial Lecture at Indira Gandhi National Open University.
Other human beings have a right to peace and happiness that is equal to our own; therefore we have a responsibility to help those in need.
Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.
If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you'll be open and transparent, which leads to trust. And trust leads to friendship.
As well as refraining from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.
The increasing recognition that we cannot continue to mistreat our natural environment without serious consequences is a cause for hope.
Despite philosophical differences, all major world religions have the same potential to create good human beings.
Education today tends to focus on material goals. We seek sensory gratification in music or good things to look at, taste and touch. We may enjoy watching a game of sport, but once it ends the joy is over. What we really need is happiness that is rooted in the power of the mind.
Because society is the basis of our own happiness, it makes sense for us to take care of others.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory.
The right to freedom is pivotal for the progress of any society. And for this, there should be a sense of global responsibility.
If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively.
As social animals we need friends, but we make friends on the basis of trust, which comes about as a result of affection and concern for others. You cant buy trust or acquire it by use of force. Its source is warm-heartedness.
Its clear that the ultimate source of happiness is warm-heartedness.
We all appreciate in others the inner qualities of kindness, patience, tolerance, forgiveness and generosity.
If you develop care and concern for others, youll develop a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.
Human happiness and satisfaction come from within oneself; it is wrong to expect some final satisfaction from money or a computer.
Today, the world is interdependent as never before, which is why we need a keen sense of the oneness of all human beings. We have to take the whole of humanity into account. We have to understand what we have in common with everyone else.
The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being.
Determination, courage, self-confidence lead to success, but we should always remain humble, modest and unpretentious.
Achieving genuine happiness may require bringing about a transformation in your outlook and way of thinking.
Noticing a single shortcoming in ourselves is far more useful than seeing a thousand in someone else. When it is our own: we can correct it.
Our visit to this planet is short, so we should use our time meaningfully, which we can do by helping others wherever possible. And if we cannot help others, at least we should try not to create pain and suffering for them.
Inter-religious harmony is essential, because each of our religious traditions gives its followers a sense of how to lead a meaningful life. The important thing is to make religion relevant to our daily life rather than simply maintaining old traditions.
We have to find ways to encourage non-violence, compassion and respect for others rights to achieve a better world in the future.
You are human beings, I'm a human being; you want a happy life, and I want a happy life. But I think that aim will not be fulfilled only on the basis of material values; what we all want is affection and what we all need is to be more warm-hearted.
Friends and enemies do not exist as such; friendship and enmity depend on many factors, of which the primary one is our own mental attitude.
I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives.
I believe all 7 billion human beings alive today are part of one human family. We are born and die in the same way. And what is most precious in our relations with others is warm-heartedness. It yields the peace of mind and inner strength that are fundamental to a happy community
Taking care of our planet, is a matter of looking after our own home. We can no longer exploit the earths resourcesthe trees, water, air and mineralswith no care for the coming generations. I support young peoples protests at governments inaction over the climate crisis.
All human endeavor is potentially great and noble - so long as we carry out our work with good motivation.
The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.
Economic inequality, especially that between developed and developing nations, remains the greatest source of suffering on this planet.
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, its good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.
We know that everyone who is born has to die, but the important thing is that while we are alive we should make our lives meaningful.
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, its good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.
Peace is not brought about through conflict, but through compassion  creating peace of mind within ourselves. We all need compassion and women can take a lead role in bringing this about. My own first teacher of kindness and compassion was my mother.
Wherever I go I try to hold discussions with members of other religious traditions, because it is important to get to know about them.
Im just one human being, but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity.
Every individual is responsible to help guide our global family in the right direction.
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but what needs to be acknowledged is that that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.
We need to promote the oneness of all human beings, on the basis of which there are no grounds for killing or exploiting others.
Just as cold is dispelled by heat, its opposite, anger and loving-kindness counter one another.
Taking care of our neighbors interests is essentially taking care of our own future.
The purpose of spiritual practice is to effect a transformation in our attitudes; to make our minds more positive.
We often talk about moral values, justice and trust, but the important thing is to put them into effect in our everyday lives.
To really be of help to others we need to be guided by compassion.
Science and the law can both help us forecast the consequences of our actions, but neither can tell us how we ought to act in a moral sense.
Material development is important, but it only provides physical comfort. Peace of mind contributes to good health. Families that are moved by kindness, whether rich or poor, are happy; whereas those that are rich, but lacking in kindness and affection are unhappy.
The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it.
Genuine peace in the world depends on our having peace in our hearts. If we are full of anger how can we expect to bring about peace.
Tolerance is always important, it helps us overcome difficulties. Without it, small things irritate us and we overreact.
Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.
We are intelligent, we have seed of compassion from birth. Using reason and intelligence we can enhance our sense of compassion and come to understand how its opposite, anger, is harmful.
A society in which material development co-exists with spiritual progress is one where true happiness is really possible.
Developing a sense of universal responsibility helps us to become sensitive to all others, not just those closest to us.
I think it is very important to know we can each transform ourselves into a better, happier person. I think its important to recognize this
I believe that human nature is fundamentally positive and gentle; therefore, a human approach should be non-violent.
The real source of inner joy is to remain truthful and honest.
We cannot overcome anger and hatred simply by suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate the antidotes: patience and tolerance.
To utilize our intelligence correctly a calm mind is very important.
The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm.
To have true friends and be loved by them, we must in turn feel love and sympathy for others.
What is important today is that we consciously cultivate a sense of the oneness of humanity, because we all depend on each other.
It is important to consider others at least as important as ourselves. This is the essence of spirituality.
If we develop a good heart, real appreciation, love and compassion for others, our life will improve.
The real source of happiness involves ones state of mind, outlook, and motivation, and ones level of warmheartedness towards others.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
We tend to forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.
The uprising resulted in a violent crackdown in Tibet and the Dalai Lama's escape into exile in India.
We are social animals, we have a natural concern for other members of our community. It's they on whom our lives depend. This is why we need to teach our children about their emotions and how to tackle those that are destructive. Our aim is a community of healthy human beings.
Without an altruistic motivation, scientists cannot distinguish between beneficial technologies and the merely expedient.
In a materialistically oriented world there isnt much understanding of the workings of the mind. Whats necessary is to recognise the trouble caused by negative emotions and that we can develop antidotes to them. The antidote to fear and anger is compassion
It's unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved through prayer or good wishes alone; what we need is to take action.
Once you encourage the thought of compassion in your mind, once it becomes active, then your attitude towards others changes automatically.
Common sense tells us well be happy even if were poor if were warm-hearted, whereas if were wealthy but self-centred well be miserable
Forgiveness is how we put a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge.
An effective means of teaching someone how to be more warm and compassionate is to use reasoning about the value and benefits of compassion, having them reflect on how they feel when someone is kind to them. This can prepare them to be warmer and more compassionate to others.
Giving is recognized as a virtue in every major religion and in every civilized society, and it clearly benefits both giver and receiver.
I have found that the greatest degree of inner peace comes from cultivating love and compassion.
We need to improve the current education system by introducing instructions on ways to cultivate positive emotions like warm-heartedness.
As a human being, I am committed to the promotion of what I call basic human values, by which I mean especially compassion. Nurturing the compassionate seed within us and acting out of this innate capacity are the keys to fulfilling our basic aspiration to happiness.
In todays interconnected and globalized world, its now commonplace for people of different world views, faiths and races to live side by side. Its a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect
Blessings dont come from outside, but from within. Whatever blessings we receive are the result of our own efforts and positive actions.
I am increasingly convinced that the time has come to find a way of thinking about spirituality and ethics beyond religion altogether.
We need to see that anger is never any use in solving problems, but that patience and compassion are helpful.
With money you can't buy wisdom, you can't buy inner peace. Wisdom and inner peace must be created by yourself.
If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering.
Developing an attitude more concerned with others reduces fear and fosters friendship.
Ask children whether they prefer smiling faces or stern ones. Obviously, the way to bring about harmony and friendship is to smile. We need to cultivate such childlike attributes that are the basis of human values and remember that we are the same and have to live together.
True compassion isnt just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason. Therefore, our compassion for others doesnt change even if they behave negatively. Our sense of responsibility for others gives rise to a wish to help them actively overcome their problems.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
Science and technology has brought much development, and yet we still face many man-made problems. We are social animals. We depend on the community in which we live. Therefore, we need a sense of global responsibility, because the well-being of humanity is our own well-being.
To control negative physical and verbal actions, it is necessary to get at their root, the mind, and tame it.
When we are open to others and ready to show them our friendship and affection, this immediately creates a good environment.
While the mind is untamed it can only cause trouble. If anger, greed or arrogance spring up they will take over the situation.
A spiritual practice is a constant battle within, replacing previous negative conditioning or habituation with new positive conditioning.
Times always moving on. Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time well or not. We can't do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now. We can create a happier future by remembering that in being human we are all the same.
One of the best human qualities is our intelligence, which enables us to judge what is beneficial and what is harmful.
For many people, the only tangible value is money. And of course money has its place, but the value of cultivating a compassionate attitude is much more effective. When we only pay attention to material values, theres little room for concern for others, or for mutual regard.
Mind training refers to transforming or purifying the mind. All the major world religions have techniques for transforming the mind.
Where love of one's neighbor, affection, kindness, and compassion live, we find that ethical conduct is automatic.
All religions have the potential to create better human beingsbut no one religion can claim supremacy over the other.
A calm mind helps our human intelligence to assess the situation realistically.
The use of force may control people physically, but it wont change their hearts and minds. You can only do that on the basis of trust and friendship.
When you generate a reasoned desire for others to be happy, your humanity increases in strength.
Success cant be measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
If we seek happiness for ourselves, we should practice compassion: and if we seek happiness for others, we should also practice compassion.
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
There's an intimate connection between love and compassion, on the one hand, and genuine happiness, on the other. The indispensability of compassion touches us all, from the very first day of our lives, when we're wholly dependent on the love of our mother or some other caregiver
A sense of concern for others' well-being brings inner strength and self confidence.
We can benefit others through our actions by being warm and generous toward them, by being charitable, and by helping those in need.
Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these positive emotions, society will face tremendous difficulties.
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring us the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
Compassion is what makes our lives meaningful.
We all want to live a life free from turmoil, but we need to have a realistic method to achieve our goal. Warm-heartedness is essentialit yields a calm mind and self-confidence, enabling us to act openly, honestly and transparently, free from anxiety, fear and suspicion.
Joy and happiness are mental events and, according to our day to day experience, mental satisfaction is superior to physical pleasure. We need material development, but its a mistake to depend on material things alone to find happiness. We also need to be warm-hearted.
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
The practice of compassion is the most effective way to pursue the best interests of others as well as our own
Affection and compassion are indispensable in daily life.
To me, all these features that differentiate us, like wealth, position, status, and so on, are secondary. I truly believe we can learn to relate to one another on the basis of our shared humanity. And if individuals can learn to do that, therell immediately be a basis for trust.
Looking at the pattern of our existence from birth to death, we can see the way in which we are fundamentally nurtured by other's affection.
Harmony among the major faiths has become an essential ingredient of peaceful coexistence in our world.
Mentally and emotionally we humans are all the same. We can all feel anger and hatred, but also have the potential to cultivate compassion, forgiveness and tolerance. Since these constructive emotions are supported by reason, we can use our brains to develop and strengthen them.
Be honest, truthful, and altruistic. If you concern yourself with taking care of others, therell be no room for lies, bullying and cheating. If youre truthful you can live transparently, which will enable you to establish trust, the basis for making friends.
Compassion instills a sense of calm, inner strength, and a deep confidence and satisfaction.
Idealistic as it may sound, altruism should be the driving force in business, not just competition and a desire for wealth.
Many think that happiness is to be found outside ourselves in material things, but actually happiness is something that comes from within.
Within each of us exists the potential to contribute positively to society. Although one individual among so many on this planet may seem too insignificant, it is our personal efforts that will determine the direction our society is heading.
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
I feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others, it brings you inner strength.
if we try to secure the well-being of others, we will, at the same time, create the conditions for our own.
On a personal level, we all appreciate people who are kind and warm-hearted.
A calm mind is really helpful in sustaining a healthy body.
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect. We do have differences of race, nationality, religious faith and so on, but these differences are secondary in comparison to our equality in being human.
It is clear that feelings of love, affection, closeness and compassion bring happiness.
As a human being, I believe each one of us should have some concern for others and for the planet.
My dedication is to serve the 7 billion human beings on this planet and the other creatures with whom we share it. If you can, help and serve others, but if you cant at least dont harm them; then in the end you will feel no regret.
Cultivating contentment is crucial to maintaining peaceful coexistence.
We need friends and friendship is based on trust. To earn trust, money and power arent enough; you have to show some concern for others. You cant buy trust in the supermarket.
If we use favorable circumstances such as good health or wealth to help others, they can be contributory factors to achieving a happier life
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion - it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
We must generate courage equal to the size of the difficulties we face.
The enhancement of fundamental values is indispensable to our basic quest for happiness.
A truthful, compassionate attitude is a sign of strength. Its lying and anger that betray weakness.
Human nature is such that the individual is most happy and relaxed when he or she can share happiness and trust with others.
I believe that at all levels of society - family, national, and international - the key to a better, happier world is greater compassion.
It is vital that our younger generations, the guardians of our future, develop strong awareness concerning the futility of war.
If you use violence, you may get temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable  it gives rise to unexpected results
In working for the good of humanity I don't think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world, because we all survive in dependence on others.
I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We werent born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit.
If we develop concern for other people's welfare, share other people's suffering, and help them, ultimately we will benefit.
I like to point out that our nature is basically compassionate because we are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection.
The key to human happiness lies within our own state of mind, and so too do the primary obstacles to that happiness.
Compassion is one of the principal things that make our lives meaningful. It is the source of all lasting happiness and joy.
A calm mind makes us relaxed, improves our health and makes for happier families and communities.
True compassion is not just an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason.
Practicing compassion, caring for others and sharing their problems, lays the foundation for a meaningful life, not only at the level of the individual, family or community, but also for humanity as a whole.
Appreciate how rare and full of potential your situation is in this world, then take joy in it, and use it to your best advantage.
Tomorrow, 10 March, there will be a ceremony in Dharamsala and HHDL will give a statement (English text will be available).
All things originate in the mind. Actions and events depend heavily on motivation. Appreciation of humanity, compassion and love are key points. If we develop a good heart, whether our field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is so crucial, theyll all improve.
I am often asked whether I am optimistic for the future of humanity. My simple answer is yes.
By implementing the practice of love and compassion, we will naturally live a non-violent way of life.
The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred.
A calm and peaceful mind is something very essential.
Where education advances material goals it should also include instruction about our mind and emotionshow to achieve a calm mind and develop altruism. An important part of establishing peace of mind is being able to apply emotional hygienelearning to tackle destructive emotions
Meeting so many people from all over the world and from every walk of life constantly reminds me of our basic sameness as human beings.
We naturally have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by taking others needs into account as well as ours.
Whether we believe in religion or not, affection and compassion are key factors for our peace of mind.
When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of anxiety or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced. We experience a liberation from our habitual preoccupation with self and paradoxically, this gives rise to strong feelings of confidence.
We can no longer exploit the resources of this earththe trees, the water, and other natural resourceswithout any care for coming generations. Common sense tells us that unless we change, we wont survive. This Earth Day lets resolve to live in harmony with nature.
The ultimate source of happiness for self and others is compassion, concern for others and being of service to them.
The time has come for us to consider seriously how to change our way of life not through prayer or religious teaching, but through education
We will only create a more peaceful and harmonious world if we adopt a peaceful approach and engage openly in dialogue.
If you have a sense of caring for others, you will manifest a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.
Compassion is the wish to offer unbiased service to all beings, whether they are friendly or hostile to you.
Each major religion has its own spirit and character. There is no one religion appropriate for every type of people..
My mother was undoubtedly one of the kindest people I have ever known. She was truly wonderful and was loved, I am certain, by all who knew her. She was very compassionate and felt concern for everyone, glad to give food to others even if it meant she went hungry herself.
Change in the world always begins with an individual who shares what he or she has learned and passes it on to others.
No amount of legislation or coercion can accomplish the well-being of society, as it depends on the inner attitude of its members.
Past history clearly shows that violence cannot solve problems.
I feel that its crucial to have a clear recognition of the value of your objective. That's the important thing. Recognizing that your objective is worthy, because it involves others' welfare or the general well-being of the community, gives you the determination to pursue it.
Real inner peace and inner satisfaction ultimately depends on our mental attitude.
If we were to think of other people as our human brothers and sisters, thered be no room for quarrelling or killing each other.
Tackling destructive emotions like anger and hatred entails developing constructive emotions like love and compassion.
All individuals are equal in that every one of us instinctively seeks happiness and avoids suffering.
Material development only brings us physical comfort; mental development depends on training the mind.
Unlike physical progress, which is subject to natural restrictions, the qualities of the mind can be developed limitlessly.
Happiness can just refer to the pleasure we find on a sensory level, but real happiness is related to peace of mind. If we have a calm mind, fear and suspicion are reduced. Fear is a major source of unhappiness
Humanity's thirst for natural resources can only be sustained if we adapt our patterns of consumption. Competition for necessities like water, food and land will inevitably intensify. To meet the challenge of climate change and environmental depletion we must all cooperate.
If we cherish non-violence and concern for others well-being it is possible to make this a more peaceful century.
Only through kindness and love can peace of mind be achieved.
The future is in the hands of those who belong to the 21st century with the opportunity to build a better humanity by training the mind.
Its quite right that students and today's younger generation should have serious concerns about the climate crisis and its effect on the environment. They are being very realistic about the future. They see we need to listen to scientists. We should encourage them.
We find that patience is the best means we have of defending ourselves internally from anger's destructive effects.
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us. Therefore its important to promote the idea of the oneness of humanity, that in being human we are all the same.
An inflated sense of self-importance deflects us from the inner peace and happiness we seek and affects those around us negatively.
Some people mistakenly conclude that cultivating compassion is all about others benefit, whereas the first benefit is to us. Compassion brings us peace of mind. It attracts friends. Friends are based on trust and trust develops when we show concern for others.
Since universal compassion involves gradually expanding ones circle of concern to the whole of humanity, it needs constant cultivation.
World peace can only be based on inner peace. If we ask what destroys our inner peace, it's not weapons and external threats, but our own inner flaws like anger. This is one of the reasons why love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope
We all want to live a happy life, which is our right, and the key to doing so is developing compassion for others.
Physical comfort alone does not bring inner peace. We create inner peace within the mind.
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect.
A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others.
Cooperation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kindheartedness. Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, theres no room for cheating, bullying, or exploitation; instead, you can be honest, truthful and transparent in your conduct
We may sometimes feel that we cant do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can influence our communities and our communities can influence our nations.
Once our mind is more calm and joyful, then our activities can be more effective.
Of the 7 billion human beings alive today, no one wants to suffer; no one chooses to have problems. Yet, many of the problems we face are our own creation. Why? Because of ignorance. But ignorance is not permanent and whether we overcome it depends on whether we make the effort.
General standards of human rights apply to all countries because all humans share an inherent yearning for freedom, equality and dignity.
Ultimately, the source of happiness and joyfulness is within ourselves.
I often tease young people about their concern for how they look; more important is inner beauty - compassion, affection and respect.
To be aware of a single shortcoming within oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.
Peace in the world relies on individuals finding inner peace.
We have the ability and the responsibility to choose whether our actions follow a virtuous path or not.
Genuine friends come only on the basis of warm-heartedness.
Training the mind is the source of inner peace.
Warm-heartedness and compassion are the keys to being happy human beings living in happy families and communities
One of our best human qualities is intelligence; it enables us to judge what is beneficial and what brings harm.
I feel that a sense of compassion is the most precious thing there is.
We need an inseparable combination of material and internal, or spiritual, progress.
A mind committed to compassion is like an overflowing reservoir - a constant source of energy, determination and kindness.
We need a sense of belonging to one humanity, respecting the rights and views of others.
Inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness, and anger cannot coexist without undermining one another.
We can teach people how to be happy on the basis of secular ethics, that a compassionate mind is useful, beneficial and secular in nature.
If you set out to cheat and deceive others youll be tense and anxious in case youre found out. But if you live your life and conduct your business on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence that is also a source of inner strength
Genuine friendship depends on genuine affection and taking a sense of responsibility for each other.
One aspect of compassion is respect for others rights and views - it is the basis of reconciliation.
Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear. Others will trust you because of your open heart.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself  if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Better grounded emotionally through patience, we become stronger mentally and spiritually, and tend to be healthier physically.
We pray for those who have lost their lives, the injured and their families in the earthquake that struck Kyigudo (Chinese-Yushu) today.
A universal approach to world problems is the only sound basis for peace.
The use of force and violence inevitably entails unanticipated consequences, but rarely yields a solution.
Cultivating inner discipline is something that takes time; expecting rapid results is simply a sign of impatience.
I try to treat every person I meet like an old friend, and that gives me a real sensation of happiness.
We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about.
Religious people pray for peace, but prayer alone is not enough, what will bring peace in the world is people cultivating peace of mind.
Prayer by itself is not sufficient to bring about peace of mind. What is much more effective is coming to understand the workings of the mind and learning how to tackle the mental afflictions that disturb it.
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
Compassion should be unbiased and based on the recognition that others have the right to happiness, just like yourself.
In the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. Each one of us has a responsibility to help guide our global family in the right direction. Good wishes are not sufficient; we must become actively engaged.
We are all social animals and compassion, care and concern for others bring us together.
If you wonder what you were doing in the past, look at your body; to know what will happen to you in the future, look at your mind.
The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, and the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Without technology humanity has no future, but we have to be careful that we dont become so mechanised that we lose our human feelings.
Every day, when you get up, you can develop a sincere positive motivation: I will utilize this day in a more positive way.
We must find secular ways to cultivate warm-heartedness  to educate ourselves about inner values. The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often well educated, so its not just education we need. We must pay attention to inner values.
Compassion and concern for others are the key to human survival. People with no interest in religion sometimes disregard qualities like patience and compassion, which they associate with religious practice. In fact, they are relevant to anyone who wishes to live a happy life.
Compassion is not just the business of the religious; it is important to know its everyones business, it is a question of human survival.
We all need basic human values rooted in trust and affection.
Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions.
All human beings have the capacity to be determined and to direct that determination in whatever direction they like. Realizing we have this potential gives us a fundamental strength, enabling us to deal with any difficulty, whatever situation we are facing, without losing hope.
Love and affection are important if we are to live a happy life.
Fear and suspicion wont help us live together. We have to cultivate warm-heartedness.
If the twentieth century was a century of violence, let us make the twenty-first a century of dialogue.
I believe that if we make an effort to develop peace of mind within ourselves and cultivate a proper appreciation of the oneness of humanity, we can create a happier, more peaceful world. What we need is common sensethe positive use of intelligenceand warm-heartedness.
I dont like formality. Theres no formality when were born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual, and from there it can expand to one's family, to one's neighborhood, to one's community and so on.
Warm-heartedness and concern for others well-being are a condition for happiness, whether you are religious or not.
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. Despite all of the things that differentiate us  race, language, religion, gender, wealth and so on  we are all equal concerning our fundamental humanity.
We seek happiness in external things without realizing that they dont help when we have problems within. We need to focus instead on the joy that comes with peace of mind that allows us to remain happy whatever happens.
Young children are naturally honest, open and appreciate affection. Some scientists say that human beings are social animals with a natural concern for their own community. We see this among children. When they are young, they are naturally kind.
Genuine friendship can only be based on trust and affection, which can only arise when there is a mutual sense of concern and respect.
If you have strong compassion, strong respect for others, then forgiveness is much easier.
Patience doesnt arise spontaneously, we have to make an effort and familiarize ourselves with it. Whats more, its those hostile to us rather than our friends who teach us patience.
To cultivate genuine compassion we need to take responsibility for our own care and have concern for everyone's suffering, including our own
Promotion of understanding among the world's religions is one of the most serious and important tasks facing the world today.
We need friendship, which depends on trust. And that depends on concern for others, defending their rights, and not doing them harm.
The practice of non-violence is still rather experimental on our planet, but its pursuit, based on love and understanding, is sacred.
As human beings, all 7 billion of us are born the same way and die the same way. Physically, mentally and emotionally we are the same. We all want to live a happy life and avoid problems, but in a materialistic culture we overlook the importance of love and affection.
We wont bring about peace in the world merely by praying for it; we have to take steps to tackle the violence and corruption that disrupt peace. We cant expect change if we dont take action.
Having a good heart and benefiting others are proper attitudes for everyone, whether they are spiritual practitioners or not.
The real destroyer of our peace of mind isnt an external weapon or enemy, but our own destructive emotions. Neither our friends nor even the Buddha provide an opportunity to practice patience in the way that a hostile person does. And in so doing, an enemy can become our teacher
We need patience to protect our peace of mind, our compassionate mind. Patience is part of our defense, as is forgiveness. Enemies and troublemakers are helpful in that they give us the opportunity to exercise patience and forgiveness.
Only the inner protection of patience can keep us from experiencing the turmoil of negative thoughts and emotions.
It is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
We need to pay more attention to the inner values that are the key to our happiness.
We should value our enemies because they provide us with unique opportunities to practice patience, tolerance and forbearance.
Young children dont care about differences of nationality, faith or race. So long as their companions smile, they play together happily. It seems its only as we grow up, in the course of education, that focussing on secondary differences between people creates trouble.
When, from the depths of your heart, you spontaneously wish all beings to find true, lasting happiness, this is great love.
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
Due to the fundamental interconnectedness that lies at the heart of reality, your interest is also my interest.
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When youre warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. A calm mind and self-confidence are the basis for happy and peaceful relations with each other.
Compassion indicates strength, while anger is a sign of weakness and forgiveness is about not giving in to anger or thoughts of revenge.
Loving is of even greater importance than being loved.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, well not lack inner peace. But if our attitude is negative, influenced by fear, suspicion, or helplessness, even when surrounded by our best friends, in comfortable surroundings, we wont be happy.
When you help others, do so out of respect. Don't look down on them. Serve other human beings with a compassionate intent.
The best way of fulfilling your own interest is to take care of others.
The sole source of peace in families, countries and the world is
altruism  love and compassion.
The capacity to devote yourself to the welfare of others yields otherwise unobtainable power and potential for good.
Whether or not we follow any particular spiritual tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone.
We need to encourage an understanding that inner peace comes from relying on human values like, love, compassion, tolerance and honesty.
Moral ethics are not a matter of religion alone, a secular approach needs to given, so that they become more universal.
Rather than working only to acquire wealth, we need to focus on the welfare of humanity as a whole.
The more people learn to tackle their afflictive emotions, the more individuals will achieve peace of mind, and the more individuals achieve inner peace, the greater are the prospects for peace in the world.
Actively promoting the positive inner qualities of the human heart will be appreciated by all.
Just as we teach children to observe physical hygiene for its benefits to our health, we need to teach them to cultivate emotional hygiene. They need to learn how to tackle their destructive emotions and achieve peace of mind.
If there can be a greater sense of oneness in the world, then violence and killing will end.
Look at the world todayviolence is rife, weapons proliferate and countries eagerly pursue arms sales. This is a wrong approach. There are other ways to make money. The world needs non-violence and compassion, not in terms of prayers, but as spurs to a different course of action.
Whats truly of value in life? what gives our lives meaning? We weren't born to cause trouble or harm. To be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities---warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life will become happier and more meaningful.
When you face problems in your lives, dont resort to the use of force, try to employ dialogue to find a solution.
Looking at various means of developing compassion, I think empathy is an important factor: the ability to appreciate others' suffering.
When I speak about love and compassion, I don't do so as a Buddhist, or a Tibetan, or as the Dalai Lama, but as one human being to another.
Only tolerance and patience can protect us from the destructive effects of anger and hatred.
Remember that calmness and compassion are an important part of living a fruitful, positive human life.
Peace isn't the mere absence of violence; peace must come from inner peace. And inner peace comes from taking others interests into account
If we have peace of mind, well always feel happy. Deceiving ourselves that money is the source of happiness, we wont.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
Even without a religious perspective, love and compassion are clearly of fundamental importance to us all.
I dont think human affection and compassion are just religious concerns; theyre indispensable factors in our day-to-day lives.
We cant remove external problems at will, but in terms of our inner world we can develop tolerance, forgiveness and contentment. If we have developed peace of mind, we can remain calm no matter what happens in the outside world.
Through kindness, affection, honesty, truth and justice toward all others we ensure our own benefit  this is a matter of common sense.
The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child's fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love.
A source of trouble is that our minds are unruly. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy. Its important to be warm-hearted rather than selfish. Well be less sick, live longer and have more friends here and now.
We cannot change the past, but we can reshape the future. Young people have the opportunity to create a happier, better future
The more we expand our focus to include others' interests alongside our own, the more securely we build the foundations of our own happiness
Changing the world is up to us. If each of us tries, the next generation may see a happier, more peaceful world emerge.
The ultimate source of a happy life is the attention we pay to our inner values.
The power of truth never declines. Force and violence may be effective in the short term, but in the long run its truth that prevails.
We must work together. Humanity needs more genuine cooperation.
Wealth should serve humanity, not vice versa.
We have two kinds of emotion, those that are destructive, like anger and jealousy, which destroy our peace of mind and damage our health. But we also have other constructive emotions, like compassion, that bring us inner strength.
The real troublemaker is within us. Our true enemies are our own destructive tendencies.
If tragedy strikes, dont lose hope. Transform it into an opportunity to make things better.
Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind  compassion opens it.
The best tribute to honor and remember Vclav Havel is to work as best we can towards building a more peaceful, open and just world.
Anger may seem to be a source of energy, but its blind. It causes us to lose our restraint. It may stir courage, but that too is blind.
Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But still we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time.
Wherever I go, I try to cultivate a sense of the oneness of humanity. I see everyone I meet as being essentially the same. And people respond positively to this. Animals too. Fear leads to isolation, so it's helpful to be open to others.
When in our interactions with our neighbors we are open and sincere in everything we say and think and do, people have no need to fear us.
We forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.
Making others happy is not a question of sacrificing our own happiness. Trying to make others happy, even when we do not always succeed, is a source of great satisfaction. Anger and hatred are signs of weakness, while compassion is a sure sign of strength.
Human beings are social animals. What brings us together is love and affectionanger drives us apart. Just as we employ physical hygiene to protect our health, we need emotional hygiene, the means to tackle our destructive emotions, if we are to achieve peace of mind.
I dont like formality. Theres no formality when were born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.
We must work to resolve conflicts in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep others' interests in mind.
Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies.
If we are truly concerned about the environment, we must think not only for this generation, but for future generations as well.
If we remember the oneness of humanity and think of each other as brothers and sisters we can overcome that potential for violence.
In our human life, tolerance is very important, it helps you overcome difficulties. Without it, tiny things irritate you and you overreact.
Leaving aside the perspective of spiritual practice, even in worldly terms, in terms of our enjoying a happy day-to-day existence, the calmer our minds are, the greater our peace of mind will be and the greater will be our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us.
An affectionate disposition not only makes the mind more peaceful and calm, but it affects our body in a positive way too.
Because anger and hostility destroy our peace of mind, it is they that are our real enemy. Anger ruins our health; a compassionate attitude restores it. If it were basic human nature to be angry, thered be no hope, but since it is our nature to be compassionate, there is.
Today's children are hugely important, our hopes for the future lie in their hands and rest on their shoulders.
Spiritual practice brings both long-term happiness and more inner strength day by day.
To increase our altruism, we must motivate ourselves to take into consideration the effects of our actions both in the present and future.
We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory.
When we disarm internally by countering negative emotions and cultivating positive qualities, we create conditions for external disarmament.
We all want to be happy and avoid suffering, and we all have a right to be happy. Thats why I say we are all the same.
The greatest threat we face today is violence.
The practice of non-violence suits us all, it only calls for determination. If it succeeds, it can open the way to a far more peaceful world
When we are caught up in a destructive emotion, we lose one of our greatest assets: our independence.
Because of the risks involved in indulging in unrestrained desire and greed we need to cultivate contentment and simplicity.
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
What makes our human life precious is our marvellous brain. We have an ability to cultivate compassion in a way no other beings can do.
When we develop patience, we find that we develop a reserve of calm and tranquility.
If you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If  people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy.
With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
Refraining from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-being and out of respect is non-violence.
Since resentment, anger, and animosity bring us no benefit, it is clearly in our own interest to underpin our attitude to all others with a kind of genuine unconditional and unbiased compassion. And doing so will certainly bring us benefits.
Love gives rise to peace and happiness within us, which we then bring to the world in which we live.
Ethical discipline is the indispensable means for mediating between the competing claims of my right to happiness and others' equal right.
With inner strength or mental stability, we can endure all kinds of adversity.
As human beings we are all the same. We have this marvellous intelligence, which sometimes creates problems for us, but when influenced by warm-heartedness it can be really creative and helpful. This is the context in which having moral principles is of such great value.
As you develop a more compassionate attitude, you feel less anxiety, while your determination and self-confidence increase.
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become.
A great Tibetan teacher of mind training once remarked that one of the minds most marvelous qualities is that it can be transformed.
Determination, courage, self-confidence are keys to success. In all circumstances, we should remain humble, modest and without pride.
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
Ideas may travel from the top down, but the movements that put them into effect have to work from the bottom up. I am encouraged to see young people trying to bring about positive change. Confident because their efforts are based on truth and reasontherefore they will succeed.
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success arent measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
Compassion and peace of mind bring a sense of confidence that reduce stress and anxiety.
Compassion is a feeling from deep in the heart that you cannot bear someone else's suffering without taking steps to relieve it.
I believe that whether a person follows any religion or not is unimportant, he or she must have a good heart, a warm heart.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Its harmful to employ technology fired by anger and hatred. It can only be beneficial if were motivated to seek the welfare of all beings.
You cant help someone just by making a wish to do so, you have to take action.
On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy. They reduce fear.
Since we are increasingly interdependent it's time to develop a sense of global responsibility, to help each other and promote human values.
It is possible to use our intelligence and extend our compassion to others, including even our enemies.
Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.
We have the source of contentment and happiness within ourselves, and it is related to nurturing our natural inner values.
If we make a common attempt to improve our education systems, we can educate the coming generations to be more compassionate.
Actions driven solely by anger are of no use at all; realizing this can help strengthen your determination to resist it.
Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
Just as we encourage physical hygiene to preserve our health, we also need a sense of emotional or mental hygiene too.
The purpose of religion is not building grand temples but cultivating positive human qualities like tolerance, generosity and love.
According to my own experience, the highest level of inner calm comes from the development of love and compassion.
The practice of altruism is the authentic way of living a human life; it is not limited only to the religious.
One way to ensure everyones peace and happiness is to cultivate a healthy respect for the diversity of other peoples and cultures.
Co-operation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kind-heartedness.
The need for love lies at the very basis of human existence. It results from the profound interdependence we all share with one another.
The purpose of education is to build a happier society, we need a more holistic approach that promotes the practice of love and compassion.
Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others' well-being. On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so.
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.
We have to make a special effort to think of each other as fellow human beings, as our brothers and sisters.
On a simple level we find that if we have a compassionate heart we naturally have more friends.
By learning to be more warm-hearted we can create a more compassionate world.
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, I believe we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal.
If in day to day life you lead a good life, honestly, with love, compassion, and less selfishness, then automatically you will find peace.
Large human movements spring from individual human initiatives.
As a result of material development and modern education, people commonly seek happiness in external things, but neglect their minds. True, lasting happiness depends on our taming our unruly minds. This is not so much about intellectual development as cultivating a warm heart.
Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.
Warm-heartedness reinforces our self-confidence  giving us not a blind confidence, but a sense of confidence based on reason.
Compassion is of little value if it just remains an idea. It must motivate how we respond to others and be reflected in all our thoughts and actions.
One of the best ways to begin familiarizing ourselves with the virtue of patience is to reflect systematically on its benefits.
Inner happiness is not determined by material circumstances or sensual gratification. It depends on our mind.
Fundamentally human beings are the same. Imagine being lost in some remote place and suddenly seeing someone coming towards you over the horizon. You wouldn't care about their race, nationality or religious faith, you'd be filled with the joy of encountering another human being.
Every morning when I wake up, I dedicate myself to helping others to find peace of mind. Then, when I meet people, I think of them as long term friends; I don't regard others as strangers.
Because of the profoundly interconnected reality of todays world, we need to relate to the challenges we face as a single human family
Wherever I go, I always feel the people I meet are the same as human beings like me. Scientists have also observed that we human beings are social animals. We have a sense of community. Right from birth we have the same feelings of closeness to those around us.
Awareness of impermanence and appreciation of our human potential will give us a sense of urgency that we must use every precious moment.
A fundamentally positive approach is to take account of the oneness of humanity. Dividing the world into 'us' and 'them' might have worked in the past, but it doesn't any more. We have to talk through our problems with our opponents, thinking of them as our fellow human beings.
Given human beings' love of truth, justice, peace, and freedom, creating a better, more compassionate world is a genuine possibility.
Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can't change the past, but we can learn from it to shape the future. Stress on us and them is a source of conflict. We neglect basic human qualities of kindness and compassion. Lets work together to create a happier future.
True compassion is impartial and bears with it a feeling of responsibility for the welfare and happiness of others.
My message is the practice of compassion, love and kindness. Great compassion is the root of all forms of worship.
Whatever our religious faith, showing others loving kindness is the best way to bring about inner peace.
The more contact we have with one another and the more we come to understand each others values, the greater will be our mutual respect.
Who is there among us who does not prefer tolerance, respect and forgiveness of our failings to bigotry, disrespect, and resentment?
Compassion should be unbiased, based on a recognition that others have a right to happiness, just as you do.
The idea of one side suffering defeat while the other side triumphs is out of date. Instead we have to develop dialogue.
Compassion is concern for otherssincere concern for others well-being founded on awareness of our own experience. Since it makes us happy when others show us affection and offer us help, if we show others affection and readiness to help they too will feel joy.
Religion may have become synonymous with deep philosophical issues, but it is love and compassion that lie at the heart of religion.
Creating a better world will require will-power, vision and determination. And for that we need a strong sense that humanity is one family.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
We have to try to solve local problems keeping global interests in mind.
We can change our minds. We dont have to give in to anger and hatred. Since compassion and anger cannot co-exist, the more we cultivate compassion the more our anger will be reduced.
Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations. Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture.
We need cooperation based on trust and self-confidence to create an open, compassionate, harmonious society.
As our own peace of mind grows, so the atmosphere around us becomes more peaceful.
Genuine friendship is not based on money and power, but on trust, which in turn develops as a result of showing concern for other peoples well-being. In other words, friendship is founded on warm-heartedness.
The more we succeed in training our hearts and minds through cultivating spiritual qualities, the better our ability to cope with adversity.
To arrive at certainty, you need to start from a skeptical posture. The best scientists are impartial, not swayed by their own beliefs.
When faced with problems, dont lose hope. Keep up your self-confidence and dont be too impatient to achieve quick results.
The point of our existence is that, as human beings, we live purposeful, meaningful lives.
People who are compassionate, loving, patient, tolerant and forgiving recognize their impact on others and order their conduct accordingly.
Because motivation pervades all action, it is important that we have a positive motivation. Whatever we are involved in, whether it's politics, education, medicine, law, engineering, science, business or industry, the nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.
Within all beings there is a seed of perfection; but compassion is required to activate that seed inherent in our hearts and minds.
Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion whatsoever.
As soon as I wake up in the morning, I remind myself that nothing exists as it appears. Then I think about sentient beings who want happiness, but experience suffering. I generate compassion for them, determined to help them as much as I can to eliminate their negative emotions.
Whether we follow a religious path or not, as human beings we all need affection.
The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart.
Friendship depends on trustnot money, not power, not education. Only if theres trust will there be friendship.
When you are concerned for the welfare of others, bullying and exploitation cease.
Prayer can be of great solace to the individual, but changing the world requires us to take action.
Wealth may contribute to our happiness, but it's not the most important factor; by itself wealth fails to bring us deep inner satisfaction.
The first drawback of anger is that it destroys our inner peace; the second is that it distorts our view of reality. If we think about this and come to understand that anger is really unhelpful, that it is only destructive, we can begin to distance ourselves from anger.
The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves.
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.
While material development contributes to physical comfort, mental comfort depends on compassion, which expresses itself as nonviolence.
Problems will always arise, but we need to address them differently. We need to engage in dialogue to resolve them rather than resorting to the use of force. #PeaceDayChallenge
Some people consider the practice of love and compassion is only related to religious practice and if they are not interested in religion they neglect these inner values. But love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.
When were under the sway of anger or attachment, were limited in our ability to take a full and realistic view of the situation. When the mind is compassionate, it is calm and were able to use our sense of reason practically, realistically, and with determination.
Practicing altruism is the real source of compromise and cooperation; merely recognizing our need for harmony is not enough.
We need to consider how our actions affect wildlife and the environment, and how they are likely to affect others.
Im optimistic that there is a growing appetite for peace in the world. Many young people are fed up with war and violence.
Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our daily lives.
Scientists are discovering that while anger and hatred eat into our immune system, warm-heartedness and compassion are good for our health.
The more compassionate our mind, the more well be able to lead our lives transparently, honestly, truthfully, with nothing to hide.
We all have the right to lead happy lives.
Wherever I go, I always give the advice to be altruistic and kind to others.
Among human beings trust comes about, not from expressions of wealth or fame, but from our showing affection.
We all must seek and work for a world without nuclear weapons.
Taking a realistic view and cultivating a proper motivation can also shield you against feelings of fear and anxiety.
Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being.
We can only transform humanity and create a happier more compassionate world through education.
A calm mind is good for our physical health, but it also enables us to see things more realistically.
Scientists warn that constant fear and anger are bad for our health, while being compassionate and warm-hearted contributes to our physical and mental well-being. Therefore, just as we observe physical hygiene to stay well, we need to cultivate a kind of emotional hygiene too.
Sometimes things go wrong; thats normal. But we have a saying in Tibetan, Nine times fail, nine times try again'.
I would like to say that the very root of respect for human rights and nonviolence is love and kindness to others
Wonderful spiritual qualities, such as unbounded love and compassion, are present as potentials in all our minds.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
Improvement requires continuous effort.
If we reserve ethical conduct for those whom we feel close to, we may neglect our responsibilities toward those outside this circle.
Compassion is a source of happiness, while self-centerdness can lead ultimately to violence.
My number one commitment is to extend awareness that peace of mind depends on our cultivating inner values.
The purpose of religion is not to build beautiful temples but to cultivate positive human qualities such as tolerance, generosity and love.
When we can recognize and forgive ignorant actions of the past, we gain the strength to constructively solve the problems of the present.
The aim of education should be to train happy individuals who make up a peaceful society. It requires warm-heartedness and taking a broad-minded, holistic and far-sighted approach that enables people to cope, whatever happens. It entails focussing on the good of the community.
Developing concern for others, thinking of them as part of us, brings self-confidence, reduces our sense of suspicion and mistrust, and enables us to develop a calm mind. This is important, because a calm mind can help us better cope with physical discomfort and other problems.
We can solve many problems in an appropriate way, without any difficulty, if we cultivate harmony, friendship and respect for one another.
Compassion and love are not a luxury. As the source both of inner and external peace, they are fundamental to the survival of our species.
It is because of my wish to be helpful that I share my ideas and experiences; being helpful to even one person is valuable.
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.
Whatever we do for others, whatever sacrifices we make, it should be voluntary and arise from understanding the benefit of such actions.
I look at people from a positive angle, seeking positive aspects. This immediately creates a feeling of affinity, a kind of connectedness.
Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality. Its about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves Why do I feel angry? and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warm-heartedness.
How we view human nature can mean the difference between living in a world filled with people who are perceived as hostile, violent and dangerous, or as essentially kind, helpful and gentle. A deep awareness of the essential goodness of human beings can give us courage and hope.
I think human nature is basically good: though we have jealousy and hatred, our dominant characteristics seem to be affection and kindness.
If we are optimistic, take a longer view, and we employ realistic methods, we can contribute to making the world a better place.
Friends are made on the basis of trust and trust only grows if you are kind to people.
The huge gap between rich and poor, globally and within nations, is not only morally wrong; it is also a source of practical problems.
It is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends.
When we are motivated by wisdom and compassion, the results of our actions benefit everyone.
All the positive states of mind such as love, compassion, insight and so on, have the quality that you can enhance their capacity and increase their potential to a limitless degree, if you regularly practice them through training and by developing constant familiarity with them.
To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.
Im optimistic, the future is open: peace, reconciliation, compassion, the environment  we have better awareness of these realities.
When we talk about happiness, we must think in terms of peace of mind, which is a real source of joy.
The quality of our actions, whether they are positive or negative, depends on our motivation. This is why we have to transform our minds.
When our intentions are good, we are stronger and have greater self-confidence.
No matter what activity or practice we are pursuing, there isn't anything that isn't made easier through constant familiarity and training.
Only the practice of tolerance and patience can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred.
Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We cant change the past, but we can shape the future. The more compassionate you are, the more you will find inner peace.
In the modern world, where the pursuit of money is considered more important than the cultivation of inner values a fresh approach is required to incorporate secular ethics or universal values into the system of education.
My own experience, and that of others, has shown me the degree to which positive mental attitudes bring happiness to oneself and others.
Everyone can understand from natural experience and common sense that affection is crucial from the day of birth; it is the basis of life.
Wherever you live, try to create a happy community. I pray that every human being, indeed every sentient being, should be happy. So, if you come across individuals facing problems, help them. Share their problems and try to bring them peace of mind.
You can't buy inner peace or wisdom with money. You have to create them within yourself.
Our intelligence helps us regulate our emotions. Fear, for example, is based on mistrust and a lack of self-confidence. If, on the other hand, we remain honest and truthful, open and tolerant, we will have greater self-confidence and overcome fear.
We think that if we have health and wealth theyre enough to be happy, but actually happiness depends on the state of our minds.
No matter what our motivation may be, if we are not realistic we will not fulfil our goal.
When we reach beyond the confines of narrow self-interest, our hearts become filled with strength.
A compassionate motivation is the foundation of spiritual practice, like a seed.
I am encouraged by the clear acknowledgment of the need to seek non-violent resolutions of conflict in a spirit of reconciliation.
Our modern education systems don't reveal much understanding of how to transform our emotions. To do so, we have to use our intelligence. We need to conduct ourselves with non-violence and on the basis of compassion, cultivate respect for others.
Modern science doesnt include a deep understanding of the workings of mind and emotions, but some scientists are showing an interest in finding out. We need to cultivate emotional hygiene  learning how to reduce anger, anxiety and fear. The key is to cultivate peace of mind.
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
If we have a good heart and concern for others, our actions will be positive.
Education is the way to achieve far-reaching results, it is the proper way to promote compassion and tolerance in society.
Every world religion, whatever its philosophical view, is founded on the precept that we must reduce our selfishness and serve others.
I belong to the 20th century generation, while many of you belong to the 21st century. Whats past is past, we cant change it, but we can learn from it. What is clear is that the future of humanity is in our hands.
I try to share with other people that the ultimate source of happiness is within us; its not found in money and fame. I promote fundamental human values on the basis of scientific findings and common sense. Evidence that basic human nature is compassionate is a source of hope.
Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us tame our mental state, overcome our negativities and perfect our inner potential.
If we want to improve humanity, we have to start with individuals.
A real sense of concern for others breeds trust, which in turn leads to friendship and a sense of security.
We must learn that humanity is one big family. Were all brothers and sisters: physically, mentally and emotionally the same. But we still focus far too much on differences instead of what we have in common. After all, every one of us is born the same way and dies the same way.
The quality or purity of any spiritual practice is determined by the individuals intention and motivation.
Because all religious traditions teach love, tolerance and forgiveness, and share a common goal, we can appreciate and respect them all.
Compassion brings peace of mind and with it better health; so cherish compassion.
In our modern society everything seems geared to material development, even our systems of education. As a result we no longer pay sufficient attention to our inner values, which leads to mental unrest. In order to address this imbalance we need to pay more attention to our minds
Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival.
By developing a sense of concern for others' well-being, then no matter what others' attitudes are, you can keep inner peace.
We do not follow ethical conduct because it is right in itself but because all others desire to be happy and avoid suffering, just like us.
Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.
Our real enemies and the enemies of humanity are negative emotions like anger and hatred. Indeed, people who are dominated by powerful negative emotions should be objects of our compassion.
A revolution is called for, but not a political, economic or even technical revolution. What I propose is a spiritual revolution.
If you make your best effort to be kinder, nurture compassion, make the world a better place, then you can say 'At least I've done my best.
Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination.
Affection, honesty, harmony and non-violence are qualities that yield happiness for individuals, families and society at large.
To be extremely self-centred, only interested in your own satisfaction, always brings negative consequences in the long run.
Like anything else, life has a beginning and in due course must end. In between those two events the important goal should be to live meaningfully, not to create trouble for others. If we can do that, when the end comes, we can go feeling at peace.
I always consider that the shape of the future is in our hands. The past is past and cant be changed, but the future has not yet arrived. Young people have the opportunity and responsibility to shape it by creating a better world.
As human beings we have intelligence and courage. Provided we use these qualities, we will be able to achieve what we set out to do.
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
Concern for others well being reduces fear and suspicion, prompting the openness and transparency that gives rise to trust and friendship.
We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.
Unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.
Inner transformation is not a matter of faith or prayer. It involves reason and the use of human intelligence. A calm and healthy mind has a very positive effect on our physical health and well-being.
Overcoming negative tendencies and enhancing positive potential are the very essence of the spiritual path.
We are truly brothers and sisters. We all face the same kind of problems and we all have the ability to overcome them. That means putting our human brains to good use, combined with a strong sense of warm-heartedness.
Human values like democracy, freedom of speech and freedom of the individual, these are changes whose momentum cannot be stopped.
As I see it, compassion is the essence of a spiritual life.
Peace means no disturbance, no danger. It relates to our mental attitude. If we have a calm mind, obstacles will be less disruptive. Whats important to realize is that ultimately peace of mind is within us, it takes a warm heart and using our intelligence.
Peace of mind is the basis of a healthy body and a healthy mind; so peace of mind, a calm mind, is very, very important.
Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.
Love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope
Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster.
Many of our world's problems and conflicts arise because we have lost sight of the basic humanity that binds us together as a human family.
The message of love and compassion will travel far and wide if all
who follow a spiritual path work together in harmony and mutual respect.
As human beings we essentially belong to the same family and we have to think of each other as part of us. To develop peace in the world, we have to educate people to understand that we are all the same in being human.
Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness.
I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
Compassion, tolerance, forgiveness and a sense of self-discipline are qualities that help us lead our daily lives with a calm mind.
My message is always the same: to cultivate and practice love, kindness, compassion and tolerance.
When individuals are too self-centred, they tend to be prone to fear, suspicion, anxiety and anger. Compassion and restraining from harming others, act as an antidote to this. Scientists say that it is basic human nature to be compassionate, because we are social animals.
We live in a world in which we are dependent on others; we cannot expect to fulfil our goals while disregarding others needs.
The practicing of loving kindness toward one's enemy is the ultimate test of one's own spiritual attainment.
Love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.
When I wake in the morning I make a wish to be useful to others.
It is important to appreciate the contribution compassion and warm-heartedness make to happiness.
We need to try and solve problems in a spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood, in a spirit of reconciliation and compromise.
It is always helpful to remain honest and truthful in the face of difficulty.
More important than being loved is to love.
Even people opposed to religion need calm minds and compassion to make their work more effective.
Many people think that patience is a sign of weakness. I think this is a mistake. It is anger that is a sign of weakness, whereas patience is a sign of strength.
Happiness comes through taming the mind; without taming the mind there is no way to be happy.
We have to build a better, more equal world through peace and non-violence.
To bring about a better world, let us all strive together with vision, with courage, and with optimism.
Our body needs peace of mind and is not suited to agitation. This shows that an appreciation for peace of mind is in our blood.
The goal of happier human beings living together, supporting each other, in a more peaceful world, is, I believe, something we can achieve.
Just as we need good physical health  we also need strength of mind to 
ensure our well-being; and we develop it by cultivating ethics.
The more you nurture a feeling of loving-kindness, the happier and calmer you will be.
Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am skeptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action.
To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.
If we do nothing to restrain our angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions, happiness will elude us.
Destructive thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. If you think clearly about it, it makes no sense to think youre seeking happiness, if you do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
To suppose that we can achieve peace through violence is altogether misguided.
Wise people serve others, putting the needs of others above their own. The ultimate result will be that you find more happiness.
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.
We need to understand how destructive emotions affect us and constructive emotions can help us, so that we can maintain our peace of mind.
We need to develop a sense of equanimity towards all living beings, expressed through the ability to relate to all others equally.
In our world today, everyone wants to live a happy life and indeed everyone has a right to a happy life. Yet we face problems, many of which are of our own making. If we look a little deeper, we may see that loving kindness is the key to our survival.
Education needs to be combined with a sincere, compassionate motivation. When intelligence and warm-heartedness are combined, individuals will be happier and more at peace with themselves, their families will benefit and as a result the wider community will benefit too.
Inner peace depends on warm-heartedness and a concern for others well being.
Even a small experience of altruism brings a measure of mental peace right away.
Striving gradually to be more compassionate is to develop genuine sympathy for others suffering and the will to help remove their pain.
It is vital that when educating our childrens brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts.
In the modern world, the interests of a particular community can no longer be considered to lie within the confines of its own boundaries.
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. Keeping in mind that it is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends, compassion is the key to ensuring our own well-being.
People inflict pain on others in their selfish pursuit of happiness and satisfaction. Yet true happiness comes from a sense of brotherhood and sisterhood. We need to cultivate a sense of universal responsibility for one another and the planet we share.
Use your human intelligence in the best way you can; transform your emotions in a positive way.
In today's deeply interdependent world, war is outdated and illogical.
Let us cultivate love and compassion, both of which give true meaning to life.
The quality of what we do depends on our motivation, which is why we have to learn how to cultivate a compassionate mind.
Compassion is the foundation of a good heart, the heart of one who acts out of a desire to help others.
Japan, the one country to have suffered nuclear attack, has taken the lead in opposing nuclear weapons. I strongly urge you to keep it up.
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give.
The nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.
If we make consistent effort, based on proper education, we can change the world.
The purpose of life is to be happy. This is what all human beings have in commonthe wish to lead a happy life. Many think that happiness is to be found outside us in material things, but actually its something that comes from within, from warm-heartedness and concern for others
A deep awareness of the goodness of human beings, that they are essentially kind, helpful, and gentle, can give us courage and hope. On a personal level too, such a vision of our basic nature can help promote a greater sense of well-being and connectedness with others.
At one level, all major religious traditions have the same aim  to transform the individual into a positive being.
Human rights apply to every country because all human beings share an inherent yearning for freedom, dignity and equality.
We need an approach to ethics which makes no recourse to religion and can be equally acceptable to those with faith and those without.
A mind wishing to benefit other people and other sentient beings is the very basis of peace and happiness.
We must try to incorporate understanding of the workings of our emotions and the ways to tackle them into our education system. If we are kind and compassionate, well be honest. That leads to trust, stability and friendship.
It is important to let people know that they have the source of contentment and happiness within themselves.
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.
Non violence is a sign of strength; violence is a sign of desperation and weakness.
I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend. This gives me a genuine feeling of happiness.
Above all, we should remember that as long as we retain the capacity of concern for others, the potential for transformation remains.
The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
To meet the challenge of this century, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility.
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear realization or recognition of our shared human status.
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
How to bring a smile to peoples faces? If you remain stony and suspicious  very difficult! Genuine smiles only come from compassion.
We need values based on common sense, experience and scientific findings, what I refer to as secular ethics.
You can develop patience and change your attitudes with continuous practice - the human mind has such potential.
Not only is your own happiness and welfare related to others, but the more you help them, the happier you will be.
Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that.
One of the lessons we need to learn is how to cultivate those positive emotions that counter destructive emotions like anger and fear. Compassion, for example, brings self-confidence and the ability to act transparently. It strengthens trust which is the ground for friendship.
In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.
Concern yourselves more with the needs of others, with the needs of all humanity, and you'll have peace of mind.
Optimism does not mean being blind to the actual reality of a situation. It means maintaining a positive spirit to continue to seek a solution to any given problem. And it means recognizing that any given situation has many different aspectspositive as well as problematic.
I feel that each of us has the potential to make some contribution and together, working with a clear aim, we can change our world.
Developing compassion you feel much happier withinmore calm, more peacefuland other people respond to that. Through anger, real peace, friendship, and trust are impossible, but through love we can develop understanding, unity, friendship, and harmony  this is valuable.
Any idea that concern for others, though a noble quality, is a matter for our private lives only, is simply short sighted. Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.
If you make others happy, youll be happy. If you make others unhappy, youll be miserable.
My hope and wish is that one day, formal education will pay attention to what I call education of the heart.
It is my fundamental conviction that compassion constitutes a basic aspect of our nature as well as being the foundation of our happiness.
As a human brother I'm committed to letting people know that we all possess the seeds of love and compassion.
Unbiased love is undoubtedly difficult to generate, but if you practice
with determination, day by day your attitude will be transformed.
Cultivating inner awareness, introspection and reasoning can be more effective than meditation and prayer.
If our goal is a happier, more peaceful world in the future, only education will bring change.
Im just a simple Buddhist monk but Im trying to help others lead a happy life, to learn to appreciate what a difference it makes to find peace of mind. Thats my dream. One of my main practices is the cultivation of altruism   its what I think about the moment I wake up.
Although bringing about inner change is difficult, it is absolutely worthwhile to try. What is important is to try our best.
As a human being I am committed to trying to share with others that we are social creatures, because of which, whether we are religious believers or not, we need a sense of concern for others well-being.
Reports of suffering are upsetting, but it's a mistake to think we can do nothing about it. Many problems we face are of our own making. Since we are social animals who need friends, the least we can do is smile and respond to others warm-heartedlythat will make a difference.
As compassion grows stronger, so does your commitment to the welfare of all beings, even if you have to act alone.
Affection, a sense of community and a sense of concern for others are not some kind of luxury. Theyre about the survival of humanity.
Reacting to Harm with Compassion - HHDL answers a young woman's question on how to be compassionate to those who do harm during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on July 12, 2019.
Infants, even before they can talk, show a preference for examples of helpful behaviour and turn away from illustrations of harm. The conclusion is that basic human nature is positive and kind. Therefore, cultivating warm-heartedness and compassion is something we can all do.
It is important for us to examine our motivation in our day to day life.
Material development only gives us sensory pleasure, but to be lastingly happy we need to develop our minds. We need calm minds.
I believe that, fundamentally, human nature is positive, gentle; therefore, the non-violent way is the human way.
If you conduct your life on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence.
Love, compassion and concern for others are real sources of happiness.
I sometimes say that religion is something we can perhaps do without. What we cannot do without are the basic spiritual qualities.
Affection is important because it counters anger, hatred and suspicion that can prevent our minds from functioning clearly.
Showing respect for others rights and views is not only the source of reconciliation its also an aspect of compassion.
Reliable and genuine discipline comes not from repression, but from an understanding of all the whys and wherefores of our actions.
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion should increase in us, we need to make a sustained effort to cultivate them.
The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.
If you use violence, you may get some temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable - unexpected results often happen.
HHDL arrived in Slovenia today for a three day visit.
In human relations, compassion contributes to promoting peace and harmony.
Because our own human existence is so dependent on the help of others our need for love lies at the very foundation of our existence.
When each of us learns to appreciate the critical importance of ethics and makes inner values like compassion and patience an integral part of our basic outlook on life, the effects will be far-reaching.
Caring for others is the best way to fulfil our own interests. We are social animals; we need to be warm-hearted and to take care of others.
In our daily lives, mindfulness, a more holistic and compassionate attitude helps us keep our peace of mind; its good for our health too.
Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.
The world belongs to its 7 billion inhabitants. In the past, communities could flourish in isolation, but now we cant. This World Environment Day lets remember that we depend on each other and that to meet the challenge of climate change, we have to work together.
Genuine compassionunbiased and not mixed with attachmentis a source of genuine human happiness.
If you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion and respect, then you can do any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively with less fear or worry, not being afraid of what others think or whether you will ultimately reach your goal.
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion grow within us. We need a sustained effort to cultivate such positive qualities.
Ideas may start with a single individual, but they grow as they are taken up by humanity at large. Young people can make a definite contribution to peace in the world.
Affection, warm-heartedness, that makes us happy; wealth alone cant do that.
Times always moving on; nothing can stop it. We cant change the past, but we can still learn from it. And we can shape the future, creating a more peaceful era, by adopting a realistic approach, recognising that the more compassionate you are, the more youll find inner peace.
It is vital that when we educate our childrens brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.
When our mind is calm, were better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.
Put this question to yourself: should I use everyone else to attain happiness, or should I help others gain happiness?
Peace doesnt come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge
Concern for others is not just a matter of religious practice; its a practical step towards creating a happy society.
Because of the great differences in our ways of thinking, it is inevitable that we have different religions and faiths. Each has its own beauty. And it is much better that we live together on the basis of mutual respect and mutual admiration.
People go to great lengths to look physically attractive, but inner beauty is a more important and stronger basis for lasting relationships.
Karma means action and action motivated by compassion is good. To complain that what happens to you is just the result of your karma is lazy. Instead, confidently recalling the advice that, "You are your own master," you can change what happens by taking action.
Through love, kindness and compassion we establish understanding between ourselves and others; this is how we forge unity and harmony.
Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others is the ultimate source of success in life.
We have a marvellous brain, but have to use it properly. It's scientific to be sceptical, to research and experiment. An approach I admire.
In todays world, despite ample material development, too many lack inner peace. One way to counter anger, jealousy and competitiveness is to cultivate non-violence and compassion towards others.
In order to lead a meaningful life, you need to cherish others, pay attention to human values and try to cultivate inner peace.
Nonviolence is not a sign of weakness, but rather one of self-confidence and courage.
Be a kind and compassionate person. This is the inner beauty that is a key factor to making a better world.
We need to teach about warmheartedness in a secular context.
Self-centredness creates a distance from others, leading to dishonesty, fear and anger. This is how disturbing emotions work. While fear, hatred and anger, are bad for our health, concern for others leads to self-confidence and inner strength, while helping to reduce anger.
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
The aim of spiritual practice is to become the friend of all beings, concerned about them and ready and able to help them.
In order to help others, in order to serve others, the real motive is love.
There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm.
Leading your life honestly and truthfully will create trust and friendship.
We need to balance material and spiritual progress, acting with love and compassion can help achieve that balance.
In todays materialistic world there is a risk of people becoming slaves to money, as though they were simply cogs in a huge money-making machine. This does nothing for human dignity, freedom, and genuine well-being. Wealth should serve humanity, and not the other way around.
The quality of every human activity ultimately depends on our motivation.
Many of the problems we face today are our own creation. Creating a more peaceful world requires a peaceful mind and a peaceful heart. As human brothers and sisters we must live together in tolerance and affection.
We should not only cease our negative activities, but also the motivation that gives rise to them.
A genuine change must first come from within the individual, only then can he or she attempt to make a significant contribution to humanity.
From kindergarten onwards we need education to strengthen inner values not just pursue material goals. We need to introduce emotional hygiene, much as we teach physical hygiene. This way we can address the problems we face, in the hope of making this a century of non-violence.
Mental transformation takes time, but it becomes easier with familiarity. Dont entertain unrealistic expectations; it doesnt take place quickly. It requires patience and determination over months and years, but if you keep it up, at the end of your life youll be content.
Great changes start with individuals; the basis of world peace is inner peace in the hearts of individuals, something we can all work for.
All ethical teachings, whether religious or nonreligious, aim to nurture compassion, to develop it and to perfect it.
The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often quite well-educated, so it is not just education that we need. What we need is to pay attention to inner values.
Meaningful dialogue requires us to respect others' rights and interestscompromise is the only way to resolve disputes.
Warm heartedness is the key factor for a happy family, happy community.
One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others.
Having a more compassionate attitude helps you communicate more easily with your fellow human beings.
Its useful to reflect not only on how anger, fear and suspicion destroy our peace of mind, but also on how peace of mind gives us the confidence to act honestly and truthfully. We are social animals and we need friends. We make friends on the basis of trust.
Religion is about cultivating a more peaceful mind, so its disappointing if it becomes a source of conflict. Our traditions share a common message of love and compassion, patience and tolerance. If we also remember the advice about forgiveness, therell be no basis for conflict.
The whole purpose of engaging in the practice of patience is to become stronger in mind, stronger in heart.
The value of compassion and forgiveness is not confined to matters of religion. These are human values that we shouldnt neglect.
Whenever there is a challenge, there is also an opportunity to face it, to demonstrate and develop our will and determination.
As human beings, we are all the same, there is no need to build some kind of artificial barrier between us.
Fear that makes us run from a mad dog is useful and necessary, whereas fear rooted in mistrust is unhelpful and needs to be overcome.
The practice of cultivating altruism has a beneficial effect not only from a religious point of view but also from a mundane point of view.
Everybody appreciates kindness, but unfortunately our modern education system, with its materialistic goals, doesnt have much room for inner values. We need to make people more aware of such inner values on the basis of scientific findings, common sense and common experience.
On this International Day of Peace, we must remember that peace cannot come from prayer alone. It requires action. #PeaceDayChallenge
We need material development, but we need to understand that by itself it doesnt bring peace of mind.
Doing to harm to others may bring some temporary satisfaction, but being helpful to them is the only real source of lasting joy.
Cultivating a genuine sense of concern for others well-being is the basis for the trust that makes happiness and friendship possible.
If we have a good heart, a warm heart, warm feelings, we will be happy and satisfied ourselves.
With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
All good qualities must be sown and cultivated. We cant expect to change overnight from an ordinary person into one with high realizations.
Altruism means that we should not be exclusively preoccupied with our own welfare. This does not imply that one should become a martyr!
We are all human beings possessing a seed of compassion. We have to use our intelligence to cultivate the inner values associated with it.
Peace of mind, a calm state of mind, is rooted in affection and compassion.
It is necessary to help others in our daily lives, merely praying for them isn't enough.
When you find that all human beings are just like you, it fosters a spirit of friendship. Youll find there's less need to hide things, and as a result, feelings of fear, self-doubt, and insecurity are automatically dispelled. Whats more youll earn the trust of other people.
Peace is not just the mere absence of violence or disturbance. It's when there is a possibility of conflict, but you deliberately avoid violence and adopt methods to solve the problem through peaceful means. That is real peace.
When we develop a sense of concern for others' well-being then the very basis of anger is no longer there.
We need awareness of the ways we are connected with others, reflecting on the characteristics we share with others.
Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength. By reducing distrust, it opens us to others and brings us a sense of connections with them and a sense of purpose and meaning in life.
In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.
In our education system, we need to include lessons, like those concerning physical hygiene, that focus on mental and emotional hygiene, that teach how to develop a healthy mind. This is the core of what I call secular ethics.
Meet hostility and suspicion with kindness. Helping others out of love is always the best option.
Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of othersalways a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.
Change in the world comes from individuals, from the inner peace in individual hearts. Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.
We need to strike a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved on the basis of love and compassion.
When you concern yourself with others, you naturally develop a sense of self-confidence. To help others takes courage and inner strength.
Determination and hope are key factors for a brighter future.
For some people the idea of compassion entails a complete disregard for or even a sacrifice of their own interests. This is not the case. In fact, we first of all have to have a wish to be happy ourselves  if we dont love ourselves like that, how can we love others?
The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.
This planet is our only home; we are all responsible for taking care of it. Im happy to see leaders now taking climate change seriously.
Whatever you do, take a realistic view and think of the long term interests of humanity.
We can't be useful to ourselves unless we're useful to others.
Seeing how negative emotions lead to negative consequences can help us overcome them. Just as we can learn how helpful love and compassion can be, we can come to understand that anger, pride, jealousy and arrogance can be detrimental. We need to use reason and human intelligence.
It is important to teach young people at school that violence is a fruitless approach to solving problems.
Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of othersalways a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.
Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.
When we develop care and concern by thinking of others not as them but us, there is no room for bullying, exploitation or deceit.
Having a compassionate attitude is the ultimate basis for living a happy life.
Warm-heartedness is the key factor that allows me to smile and be happy, even in the company of strangers.
Altruism is not merely a religious ideal; it is an indispensable requirement for humanity at large.
Even a small act of compassion grants meaning and purpose to our lives.
As well as restraining ourselves from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.
Happiness can just refer to the pleasure we find on a sensory level, but real happiness is related to peace of mind. If we have a calm mind, fear and suspicion are reduced. Fear is a major source of unhappiness.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
To promote the idea of nonviolence, we must above all encourage people to foster in themselves an attitude of love and affection for others.
It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty.
We are, you might say, "brainwashed" into thinking that money is the source of happiness while what we really need to know is that inner peace is something that comes from within.
True compassion isnt an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason: it wont change if others behave negatively.
A true friendship develops on the basis of genuine human affection, not money or power.
Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of particular emotions and applying our intelligence, we can transform our minds.
When tragedy or misfortune comes our way, if we can shift our focus away from self and toward others, we experience a freeing effect.
If you focus only on yourself and neglect others, you will lose; but you will gain if you value others as much as you cherish yourself.
We must recognize the great capacity we all have within.
Living a truly ethical life, putting the needs of others first and providing for their happiness, has tremendous implications for society.
Ask yourselves now and then, "How can I contribute to human beings being happier and more at peace?"
The gun may seem more decisive in the short term, but in the long term the power of truth is stronger.
True compassion brings with it the dispelling of internal tensions, a state of calmness and serenity.
We need not only a trained intelligence, but also a warm heart. Then a sense of community and a sense of responsibility will arise naturally
Even small acts of compassion bring meaning and purpose to our lives.
As we all share an identical need for love, it is possible to feel that anyone we meet, in whatever circumstances, is a brother or sister.
Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society
It seems essential to me that the major religions come to agree upon the importance of adopting a basic, universal, set of ethics.
If the work is worthwhile, then whether we can complete it or not, it's worth making the attempt. That's why courage is important.
As human beings we are all responsible for each other; we all have the potential to be kind and affectionate.
Through education we have to lead people to see that concern for others is actually in their own interest.
There is no fortitude like patience, just as there is no destructive emotion worse than hatred. Therefore, practice patience and tolerance.
All the major religious traditions carry the message of love, compassion and forgiveness.
When you care for others, you manifest an inner strength despite any difficulties you face. Your own problems will seem less significant and bothersome to you. Reaching beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain confidence, courage and a greater sense of calm.
Just as we protect our health by observing physical hygiene, by tackling our destructive emotions with skill well achieve emotional hygiene
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life.
We should practise by showing affection and helping one another. It is a mistake to pursue happiness and to seek to the avoid suffering by deceiving and humiliating other people. We must try to achieve happiness and eliminate suffering by being considerate and good-hearted.
We must cultivate a universal responsibility toward each other and extend it to the planet that we have to share.
Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness.
Everybody wants a happy life and a peaceful mind, but we have to produce peace of mind through our own practice.
I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment.
We must design education that provides for both knowledge and a healthy mind, creating a sense of compassion that responds to all humanity.
The proper use of our intelligence and knowledge is to effect changes from within to develop a good heart.
Even as our world continues to develop materially, there is increasing need for similar progress in our sense of inner values.
It is in the nature of the mind that the more we cultivate and familiarize ourselves with positive emotions, the more powerful they become.
The future is in your hands, but for it to be peaceful and happy requires a sense of compassion and concern for others well-being.
Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.
Its not enough to pray for peace of mind, we have to examine whats disturbing us and eliminate it. In the same way, just wishing to be well wont cure physical illness; you have to adopt the preventive measures and take the prescribed medicine.
We can learn how to cultivate peace of mind. Then, we can apply our intelligence to extend a compassionate attitude on an individual, family, community and global level. Its our nature to be compassionate, so education can teach us to appreciate that were brothers and sisters.
A concerted international effort is needed to think about measures to preserve our common and delicate ecology.
Positive emotions like compassion and loving kindness engender in us a deep sense of peace and serenity, and benefits others as well.
My number one commitment is to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness.
Irrespective of doctrinal and other differences, all major world religions are concerned with helping individuals become good human beings.
Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind.
A happy society must be created by people themselves, not through prayer alone, but by taking action.
Peace has a great deal to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others, avoiding doing them harm and regarding their lives as being as precious as our own. If, on that basis, we can also be of help to others, so much the better.
We each have a role to play: genuine, lasting world peace will only be possible as a result of each of us making an effort internally.
Whether we like it or not, we're all connected, and it is unthinkable to be happy all by oneself.
The human capacity to care for others isnt something trivial or something to be taken for granted. Rather it is something we should cherish
In our daily life, affection and compassion are indispensable.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Whether science or religion is constructive or destructive depends on our motivation and whether we are guided by a real concern for the well-being of others and an appreciation of the oneness of humanity.
To reduce destructive emotions we need to strengthen constructive emotions. For example, to counter anger we cultivate love and compassion.
Warm-heartedness and compassion are conducive to our physical and mental well-being  anger, hatred and fear are not. This is why some scientists today talk about warm-heartedness ensuring a 'healthy mind and a healthy body'.
If our spirit is turned towards kindness, the positive side of things, loving our neighbors, this is the best way to solve our problems.
Compassion is a sense of caring, a sense of concern for others' well-being.
I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
If we want to help humanity in a practical way, we must begin by setting an example of mutual respect, harmony and cooperation.
My aim has been to appeal for an approach to ethics based on universal rather than religious principles.
Compassion is a deep desire to see others relieved of suffering; love is the other facet, a strong wish to see others happy.
When you have a more compassionate mind and cultivate warmheartedness, the whole atmosphere around you becomes more positive and friendlier.
There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.
Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.
Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength.
By extending our ordinary feelings of love and concern beyond their usual biased limits, love is freed from the restrictions of attachment.
The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.
True friendship develops not as a result of money or power but on the basis of genuine human affection.
There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.
Anger, suspicion and jealousy disturb our minds. The antidote to these emotions is to cultivate patience and tolerance. Who provides us the opportunity to develop it? The one we call our enemy. Therefore, we can see him or her as a teacher.
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.
March 10th is the 51st anniversary of Tibetan Uprising Day, commemorating the 1959 Tibetan uprising in Lhasa against the Chinese in Tibet.
Anger cannot coexist with inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness.
We need to be determined to achieve positive change, and also be able to take a long view of what needs to be done. What is important is not to become demoralized. Optimism leads to success; pessimism leads to defeat. One person can be the source of inspiration for many others.
Our life depends on others so much that at the root of our existence is a fundamental need for love. That is why it is good to cultivate an authentic sense of responsibility and concern for the welfare of others.
I urge young women to accept leadership roles. We need you to promote love and compassion. Realise my dreamthat the 200 nations of the world be governed by women. Therell be less war, violence, and economic and social injustice because strength is rooted in love and compassion
As human beings, equipped with marvellous intelligence and the potential for developing a warm heart, each of us can become a force for good
Im convinced that todays young people can achieve a more peaceful world if they cultivate warm-heartedness and inner peace.
The more we are concerned for the well-being of others, the closer we will feel to each other.
We need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion; we must use all the events in our daily life to transform out thoughts & behavior.
We must insist on the observation that my right to happiness carries no more weight than others' similar right.
Modern education is premised strongly on materialistic values. It is vital that when educating our childrens brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts, a key element of which has to be the nurturing of our compassionate nature.
Compassion and love give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive.
We are social animals and it is in our own interest, if we want to live a happy life, to think of the rest of humanity.
It is worth reminding ourselves that the greatest joy and satisfaction in life come from actions we undertake out of concern for others.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts our mind at ease.
All beings want to live in peace and happiness, undisturbed. Therefore the concept of human rights is universal.
I am saddened by the passing away of Sri Sathya Sai Baba. I offer my condolences and prayers to all his followers, devotees and admirers.
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.